Transcription for: 250519_1734_leads.mp3
Processed: 2025-06-04 12:24:45
============================================================

[0.9s - 1.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: Hey guys.
[3.5s - 3.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Hey.
[5.3s - 6.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Do we have a...
[6.8s - 11.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Where do we document this token holder reward staff?
[12.0s - 12.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: Uh, here.
[13.0s - 13.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: I'll send you the link.
[23.0s - 59.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: I'm calling distribution, place calling holes, here we go. Where did I put it?
[59.6s - 61.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: I know we've discussed it.
[61.7s - 62.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: I know we wrote something down.
[62.9s - 63.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: I'm just not finding it.
[63.9s - 67.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: I thought it was here.
[67.9s - 69.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: I'll find it and send it your way.
[65.1s - 67.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: Thank you. I know we've discussed it. I know we wrote something down. I'm just not finding it. I thought it was here.
[70.3s - 71.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: I'll find it and send it your way over.
[73.9s - 74.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Yeah, I have some notes like I said earlier.
[80.0s - 80.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: The issue is like I need to properly communicate it.
[80.6s - 81.3s] Unknown Speaker: Yep.
[92.3s - 96.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: And it's not on any of our normal stuff So we should update yeah the whimsical and there's the
[97.5s - 160.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: G token token omics doc those are like because I have that linked. Update your token launch process. All right, what's up?
[160.6s - 161.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: I'm back.
[162.1s - 162.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: Welcome back.
[167.3s - 168.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: I know you were waiting for me to Go through tokenomics
[168.6s - 171.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: 10% to everybody
[171.8s - 174.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: 90% to me
[174.5s - 177.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: That's right
[177.5s - 181.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: And I promise I'll pay everybody
[181.5s - 245.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: Out of my funds. So what's the rundown on Believe? I haven't had time to deeply look at it yet. I think I know what they're using. Oh, from that, I don't know. I got to go mess around gotta go mess around that's a whole like kind of decipher like how it got to be they really i think it was nikita man i think unfortunately he really has that much power he really does uh but yeah but i mean the thing is i don't know i i i'll go mess around with it and see if i can figure out stuff i i don't know are you looking for anything specific i mean you just go use it but not like any of us have time to do this i didn't know you had and could explain it to me like what their product is compared to say i was yeah no i was more invested i was checking out
[245.5s - 245.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: that like signal thing because i don't think believe has a token launch coin it's it's that whole thing and then there's like a signal like like a aggregator for the tokens that get launched or something i guess i don't know it's crazy they did a really good job like whatever they were Yeah, I think Justin was saying you can launch tokens from tweets.
[245.9s - 569.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Obviously, it's crazy. They did a really good job, like, whatever they were doing. Justin was saying you can launch tokens from tweets. Obviously, it's funded, but... Oh, yeah, they have that. There's another one. There's a couple of them that do that. I get it. There's no wallet connection on Twitter, so how are you connecting it as a user? I think maybe you sign up with your account and your wallet, like connect it to Twitter, and then it knows to. I see. First you connect, then you can do it. That's the only way I would think. That's how they, not the one that Bored uses. There was another one that did it. Oh, man, what was the name of it? Just guessing, Chip. Yeah, if if they connect to twitter then even if you didn't register or anything it's like well you're using your twitter and then when you come in you can connect your wallet and they can link your account to the twitter one oh are you looking at it no i'm just oh okay i was thinking if there is any way let me see yeah I can yeah launch kind so I just got off with the founder of 10k the guy that's doing the watch turn thing. I was just trying to figure out all the stuff these guys have learned. I'm spending time with people from Meteora and then people from 10K. And then I want to talk to the Believe team to try to get as many lessons as we can about these launches. and just it's interesting because like there's not enough data to be able to say anything for sure I mean everybody has theories about why things work or don't work but I trust the people that are actually have a launch pad out a lot more than I I trust like random tokenomics advisor stuff so one interesting lesson I just got from the 10k guylex is he was like hey everybody was telling me one way to prevent snipers would be to like make a higher price he's like we made a higher price but it just screws price discovery and so like actually our chart dumped because um the dynamic of like a bunch of people buying in on some higher price and then there just wasn't enough uh buy pressure at that price after so like they're actually moving back downward to to bonding curve like starting at much lower prices because they feel like starting with this higher price like actually breaks price discovery so um it's like you can find buyers to clear at the price that you just set in the beginning but then like whatever the real price for the thing is will just happen anyway and after because people will try to get in the pre-sale, right? Because they think that they can make money in the pre-sale, but you're not getting price discovery. So say you say the pre-sale is at $10 million or something. Every D-Gen is just going to try to pile in at the $10 million pre-sale because they feel like this is the cheapest it'll ever be. But if the real price for the asset is like $3 million, then all that happens is a bunch of people will get tricked into paying the $10 million price. And then when it goes live, price discovery happens and it jumps to $3 million, right? So that's what they've seen. I mean, one way to get around that would be to try to price extremely conservatively. But it's really hard to say what is conservative. And then also, if you don't get the price upward price momentum from the bonding curve, you lose all the marketing that could have helped you get to a higher price by having more awareness of the coin in the first place, which the pre-sale doesn't generate. So he's like, I know we've talked a lot about this idea of like, do you do a pre-sale? Is this a way to interesting? His take after I've done it is like, no way. Like it just created all sorts of other problems that are even worse. I'm going back to like pump one model or believe model. Glad we didn't go that way ourselves then. So that's one interesting conclusion. The other thing that's interesting about what they're doing is they're letting people earn the points they're doing creator points so like everybody on their platform has one coin and then every time they put out a video there's a 24-hour period where if you watch that video you can earn from it so there's a lot of overlap with with our model um and the same process happens like you watch this video in this 24-hour period and then you come back uh 24 hours later and then now you can claim the airdrop that you had so damon i really think like and ian like mark everybody should actually go use this app and claim some airdrops because he's doing what we're we're trying to do on solana right now and i think it's one of the only apps that even that even does something similar that i could find he's launching it's this is 10k in the app store okay this is the same guy who did dracula two years ago so just like us just yeah yeah yeah yeah exactly so just like we've been stuck on how do we make games into a token launch pad that makes like creators a lot of money he's been doing the exact same thing around videos
[569.8s - 575.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: for two years um and so he's been through three or four iterations and just like us and this is his
[575.0s - 582.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: like fourth launch and um the other thing that went wrong in in their app is is the claims process so
[582.8s - 589.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: there's a lot to learn there i don't know how we're doing the solana claims process but he
[689.2s - 693.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Thank you. in their app is is the claims process so there's a lot to learn there i don't know how we're doing the solana claims process but he said that the way that they did it is like you have to um set aside like this when when you're giving someone the airdrop you you set aside um the the claim for them you prepare it in advance and then the next day when they go and claim it they have to pay like 27 cents rent on solana i'm like very unfamiliar with this this terminology but the 27 cents rent they get paid back that that price um in solana when they execute it so like say they made like six cents of this coin they still have to pay 27 cents rent to get the airdrop but then after they get the six cents the solana also gives them back the 27 cents i know we're sadly like still at the place where we're not doing claims on chain i guess but damon how does ours work uh that part sounds foreign to me uh the gist of how ours work, from how I understand it, is that we have this claim distributor type of mechanism, and so only we can call and then say, hey, this person can claim it's as simple as that yeah but i'm talking about on the user side like what are they paying when they claim how much are they paying in gas or rent like how is this even structured the rent sounds very foreign to me i don't know what that's about all. He says this is the way most claims work in Solana, so... I've never heard the term till now, so...
[693.1s - 694.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: I also have not heard of it.
[698.6s - 723.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Let me look into it. Yeah, so on the Solana blockchain, claiming an airdrop typically involves creating an associated token account, ATA, for each recipient.
[723.7s - 729.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: This process incurs a rent fee, which is a deposit of sole tokens required to maintain the account's data on the network.
[851.0s - 857.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Thank you. involves creating an associated token account, ATA, for each recipient. This process incurs a rent fee, which is a deposit of sold tokens required to maintain the account's data on the network. The rent fee is approximately 0.002 sold per token account, and it's refundable when the account is closed. So in other words, the way that most air drops are done is you create a temporary account, and there's rent that's paid on that account. And then once the user closes that account and claims the tokens into their other wallet, it's refunded. It's like buying server space, but not buying it, but putting a deposit down for it. For large, ale airdrops, these rent fees accumulate significantly. For example, distributing 10,000 recipients would require around 20 sol, solely for account creation. To mitigate these costs, some projects utilize zero-knowledge compression techniques. This method involves creating a single on-chain RECO route representing all recipients, thereby eliminating the need for individual token accounts and reducing the rent fees substantially. Tools like Airship facilitate this process enabling efficient and cost-effective airdrops. So I guess the question is, what the hell is Breeze doing? Well, our claims aren't airdrops in that sense. When I hear the word Merkle tree, that's like you're reallocating, here's all these, essentially these users that can claim this much of an airdrop. But that's not like a daily claim type of mechanism. He's doing a daily claim, but at the end of the day, they're setting aside the ATAs for all the users to be claimed the next day. It's the same. He has the same constraints as us. There's really no difference. Then we're doing it very differently. Yeah, it sounds like we're doing it very differently from like most projects on Solana. So that would be a, it's not about him. It's just like if you go and chat to BT, how do airdrops work on Salon? This is what you get. So we should be double, triple checking whatever we're doing and why.
[965.3s - 1045.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Yeah, I'm starting a thread that maybe you can post to your notes, if that's okay. By the way, I'm not saying it has to work this way, but the question would be, for sure as hell, we should be able to answer why it's not working this way. Yes. Right? That would be a huge problem if we were doing something different than everybody else and we we didn't have an amazingly good reason um but it sounds like there's a bunch of costs that you incur doing it this way but the point is the users have to pay like that 27 cents but they get it back so it's not gasless in the sense that like they have to put up the money at first but it is in the sense that they get the money back so it's a way of giving people the airdrop for free even if it's six cents or something where they can actually make a profit no matter how cheap the airdrop is so there's a huge benefit to doing it this way right they technically they're in the money if the airdrop is for one penny they're already in the money even if it costs 20 cents to claim it if we do it another way where, where you're paying 20 cents, but they don't get the money back, then suddenly, like, a bunch of the airdrops are not profitable, right? Yeah, I mean, I thought as far as daily claims were concerned, concerned it was always the case that they would have to see does this is the gas fee less than what i'm trying to claim here that's yeah i mean theoretically but we also thought we'd be using something to like figure out what these prices even were you know two months ago so if i'm getting early data from that's like, that what we're doing just because we haven't tested it and we're living in the land of theory instead of practice doesn't work, then we should take it in as data. That's my point. Like I don't, we've been talking about theory for three months. So what I'm trying to do is because we're not live is get live data from people who've actually done this and are trying to figure out how it works um i don't i don't know what the claims price is on ours because it's not live otherwise i'd have opinions about this and it sounds like so my point is that if if someone even this this idea that they get the 27 cents back pissed off a lot of people so you can go read this guy's uh tweets and what you'll see is threads full of people calling him a scammer okay and and they're actually going to get their 27 cents back when they claim the airdrop but they're still calling him a scammer so if if our plan is to go and charge people i don't know maybe more than 27 cents or maybe less whatever it is and then they get some tokens in exchange but they don't get the money back then we it stands to reason we'd be in bigger trouble right where's the initial in that example
[1045.7s - 1046.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: the initial money
[1046.4s - 1046.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: coming from
[1046.9s - 1047.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: the user on our end
[1047.8s - 1048.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: for playing
[1048.2s - 1049.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: no the ATA
[1049.6s - 1050.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: comes from us
[1050.5s - 1052.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: whoever sets up
[1052.7s - 1053.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: the airdrop
[1053.9s - 1054.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: pays the ATA
[1054.8s - 1088.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: the inverse while waiting for damon uh am i crazy or are there only four videos on 10k okay yeah there's not a lot of videos yet like it doesn't matter so
[1088.2s - 1093.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: like we're talking about it look we're three months into this project if if like if everyone
[1093.3s - 1098.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: on this team doesn't know how how an airdrop works we're in big trouble like i don't know i
[1098.3s - 1103.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: dame i'm not really sure what to say about this one like
[1103.1s - 1109.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: this is day one stuff on the engineering side i guess is my my opinion i don't know
[1105.3s - 1125.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: I'll see is my opinion. I don't know how the hell we plan on launching something without knowing how an airdrop on Solana works. Well, I felt we knew what it's like.
[1134.5s - 1145.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I don't know if it's me in the terminology, but I always, I mean, by now I get it. But when I, my original understanding of airdrops way back when was like these things that, you know, they get dropped into your wallet.
[1307.5s - 1310.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: And that was even a thing, you know, we have done a little bit of before. And that's this whole Merkle tree thing. And you claim these allocated tokens. But then these other type of claims where you basically you have to manually claim and do the transaction, is that universally still called an airdrop? Yeah, the user still has to pay something in this. They just get it back. Yeah, I get that. It's a net better experience is the point, right? And if it's a net better experience that everybody uses in Solana, then if we do the other way, it's worse. So I don't know that this exists in Ethereum. I think you can't, as far as I know, what you're saying is correct for EVM, which is you can have people pay to claim it, but there's no way to minimize the cost afterwards or refund them that I'm aware of. I mean, maybe without coding some sort of separate system to do that yeah but it seems like there's something built in to do it and at least what we need to do is actually understand what people do on Solana that people expect and then make sure we're doing the right thing and then if we're doing something different we have to have an extremely good reason for doing something different because there's you know millionaire drops on Solana and if we just go and do something different then like everyone's going to be wondering why we did that yep what is it I thought that at some point Brees had mentioned andAs but I have no idea where this sits I have not been involved in the design of this I think this all falls under tokenomics I don't know this feels like the highest level design of how the airdrop works on the technical side so maybe maybe it's my best hope would be that brice is already doing this and just nobody knows what it's called yeah it's doing a beta term does sound familiar so i was just searching in our chat he doesn't mention them yeah he's like i mean it's a more engineering thing that's like it's like a token amount going to a user ata from bonding career pool ata a token amount going yeah ata stands for yeah associated token account There's one per user. He hasn't mentioned anything about rent, though, in it.
[1313.6s - 1316.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: So, um...
[1316.2s - 1323.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: And I was ignorant of the term myself.
[1330.9s - 1487.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: But, yeah, ATA is a thing now that I'm looking back at some prior messages um well so there might be ways around having people pay anything at all that incur more cost to us and i don't think we should like necessarily launch like that because basically the other thing I wanted to get to is that there are a bunch of problems with civilist attacks that he experienced that he's trying to sort out now that we probably many of which will also experience we have one extra layer of complexity on what we're doing that he doesn't have which is we we have this points system, which can be helpful in some ways um because it makes it easier to tell if it makes it more effort for someone to technically like farm the token because they need to get a good score relative to other players whereas his is just watch to earn so some of these videos are a minute long and if someone has a phone farm in um vietnam they can just like load up the phone farm and have a bunch of phones going and watching these videos whereas like it's harder to do this with games right because the games require more complicated input and output or whatever it's still possible but it's much much harder but the problem that we have that he doesn't have is that like the point stuff on the client side is is um its own anti-cheat risk where where like, if people can just gain that and they can ruin the claims for everybody, which wouldn't happen on the one sort of video watch, um, one claim side. Right. So we introduced one difficult thing, but we kind of remove some of the problems with the other part, um, if we can get it working properly. And And so all, I mean, I'm just spending time on with these people to try to learn from their launches. And apparently, like, the DAMV2 stuff is going to include a bunch of more anti-sniper features next week. And it's also getting added to Deck Screener this week. So the main thing that it's been missing uh dam v1 pools are already listed on deck screener obviously right but dam v2 is not right now and so the reason these guys didn't recommend we use dam v2 like a week or two ago is the distribution side of it is weaker than dam v1 but uh once they get deck screener it's probably ready for prime time this week so if we use that
[1487.6s - 1491.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: and then we use their new fee structure they're adding some interesting ways you can add fees
[1491.4s - 1498.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: um that are pretty that seem like they'll help um more they have right now the the most fee you can
[1498.4s - 1505.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: charge in the early blocks of a uh that buying is it's um 50 but i think they're going to change
[1505.5s - 1908.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: it to be up to 99 which sounds a lot more like vertigo which is the other one we're looking at vertigo i've been keeping in touch with that founder he like you know he he promised that this thing would be live and have all this distribution um it still doesn't have the distribution yet like it is live with some random coin that you could trade on phantom somehow um but it doesn't it's not listed anywhere else so like to me it's not even in the cards with our timing so i think we plow forward with meteora and then we take all the the learnings from these these uh lessons into um our our launch so that we come out with a better launch and then expect that the what did work about the 10k launch is like they got a ton of attention and people using the app to go and earn these coins so the suspicion that like hey like our telegram experience if we launch something where you can farm token will will we need to go and build out the other side of the network of like generating players mark i know you've been asking this question too the answer appears to be no like if we if we make games where you can earn trump there will be people that come to earn the trump and there will be a bunch of them the problem that we're going to have is how many of them are fake um it's not going to be whether or not they come or not so like eventually that matters because if if we're in the long run and i don't think it matters day one necessarily but if we really care about the reward payouts going to real users which we should because we want the we want the um the traffic to be high enough quality that the game developers can monetize it with ads and with aps or whatever other mechanisms they have so for us if we're just gaming user numbers and we don't care of course if we show a million dau on trump games that's cool the problem is is more that like this the reward for staking the g trump token on your own game is worth less because the users that you get when you do it many include many bots that you can't actually monetize in other ways so i don't think we need to solve all that problem day one but i think we can't go out in a way that like is so off that it's just blatantly cheated um and then it creates a pr issue for us so where i'm at is like we still have to solve the basic level of of anti-cheat on the sort of like the client server connections and like the way that the the points are sent so that we're not dealing with someone just like writing javascript in the in the console and sending points requests for example and then also doing some basic fingerprinting around um what you know who's who and making sure that people aren't loading up on 20 accounts. yeah so um i think the good news is like we will have users if we have tokens that have value for sure we do not need to have all the wallet integrations done day one, but the wallet integrations will be the best way to get high quality real users who are less likely to be bots. So if we leverage the success we get early on into bots, or sorry, into wallets, then we'll have higher quality traffic. And then he's thinking about like, because it's free to watch their videos right now, he's thinking about requiring some amount of the creator's token to earn their token which sounds like a giant ponzi and it kind of is but there's huge trade-offs to doing that right which is how would you get it well you buy it but but then if you buy it then what it does is it creates buy pressure on the token obviously so i'm not saying we would do this but the rationale behind is pretty simple which is like it it ups the bar of farming it right if it's free to farm a token then it's it's very easy for people to just go ahead and farm it if you require them to buy some supply of the token now they can farm it if they stake the token and you can still have bots but they're essentially like bots with skin in the game at that point so they're like less damaging to the overall they're less extractive i guess um yeah i mean that's another way to do it so there's way to solve on the tokenomics side and then there's ways to solve it um through other mechanisms but like this is something we can think about later too so you can imagine if a player held a certain amount of the game coin they get like more of the game rewards available to them like it could be it could be that you have a tiered system where like the players can earn the token every day but they're the pool that they can participate in is like limited based on their holdings of of the game coin so like you need to hold at least you know 10 000 uh g trump to get like 80 of the pool or something for the reward pool for the games and then the people who are just pure free players like the civil attackers who are just dumping it every second they they can't um they can't earn like most of the pool basically like they have to stake and hold g trump to get to the next tier so there's ways to do on on ramping for free free users while still providing more reason for to have these less civil attackers just dumping it instantly so anyway this is this is going to be an ongoing design piece for sure like this in fact i think that this is the crux of what we're doing like i think everything we're doing is about solving this problem i i think this is the only problem that like if you can solve civil attacks anti-cheat um and capital formation around these tokens then then you will have like interesting vibrant dev ecosystems around them because the dev rewards will be large and that you'll have players because they'll be able to earn tokens from playing the games so i actually feel like when we think about what we solve and what leverage it gives us like most other stuff is kind of a distraction compared to these these three problems like if you solve these then then everything else just sort of like works but if you't solve these, nothing else you do really gets you closer to value creation. Like, we could do 100 deals with wallets, but if we don't solve, like, botting and anti-civil stuff, then, like then it's not going to make our protocols stronger.
[1909.4s - 1966.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: It's just prolonging the inevitable, which will mean that our reward pool will get sucked up by a bunch of fake users that don't accrue any value to the ecosystem. Yeah, I shared some ideas, some of which are quite similar to the ones that you were just talking about in our dm chat um one other thing one other that occurred to me to prevent civil attacks is to do batched bonding curve uh purchases at the at the beginning um so that like all purchases done within a 1 minute, 30 second, 2 minute period are all bought at the same average price. That basically brings down the people that are either overpaying or underpaying for the token at first. Well, that's less about Syibyl. That's more about the price discovery, right?
[1969.2s - 1971.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: The Sibyl attack, when I'm talking about Sibyl attack,
[1971.3s - 1973.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: I guess there's two different types of Sibyl attack.
[1973.3s - 1976.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: One would be Sibyl attack on the capital formation piece,
[1976.7s - 1979.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: which is like people are using a lot of different wallets
[1979.6s - 1981.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: to bot the buying of the token,
[1982.1s - 1983.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: but we haven't even talked about that.
[1984.6s - 2266.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: And then there's a Sibyl attack on the farming of the token, which is people use a lot of different wallets to farm the buying of the token but we haven't even talked about that um and then there's a civil attack on the farming of the token which is people use a lot of different wallets to farm the token yeah um technically speaking in our system right now like you you can score so many points that there's not a huge advantage to using many accounts so in in alex's app the 10k app the only way you can get more points is by just having more accounts, because you can only watch a video once, and then it just divides up the amount of coins that everyone gets based on the number of people who watch that video every day. And so there is no way for you to get a bigger share of the rewards, except for having another account. So the incentives are very clear. In our system, actually, you get more points you get more of the rewards so you don't really get more of a um incentive of adding more accounts to get more rewards unless the game makes it so that getting an average score is is easy to do across many different accounts right um so it depends on the score distribution of the game basically so that's the the civil attack for us the problem i'm worried about is on the farming side on the purchasing side i think what you're saying is interesting i've actually heard some other people propose it that's that's not about civil attacks it's about like the capital formation side and um sniping and all that and i i think that one thing i've heard proposed too is like people who buy at a certain time can't sell like they basically get locked so someone was saying hey don't don't do as big of a fee but everybody who buys in the first minute has like a a lock on their token like they literally can't sell it for like 10 minutes or 20 minutes or 30 minutes or something like that um which is something that ben from meteora is saying he's trying to encourage some projects to do but i don't think we're in a position to like experiment on these as easily as some other teams so my take on those is like if there's already an appetite for people to go experimenting on them we can just kind of see what other people do and if something emerges as something that's like really good we'll just take it because like i don't think it's our strong suit to come up with new devices to do this stuff it it feels yeah yeah it feels like on the elite end of the smart contract coding spectrum um and tokenomics design and so i want to let other people run experiments and then take what works anyway um i'll let you guys go into updates but that's so i have an open line of communication with these people and the nice thing is like we're working on totally different spaces so there's zero overlap in games versus videos or whatever so um i i didn't share everything about what we're doing because there's some parts i i didn't want to share like the game coins are for existing coins because that's totally novel but i did share about like oh many people can build games for a single game coin or whatever so just which i think is like less novel and it's more like what he's already doing with creator coins so um but i i i think for his model like creator coins actually kind of make a lot of sense because making videos is extremely easy um but for for games what we're doing makes more sense because even though making games is getting easier it's still a lot harder than making videos so it makes sense to open it up to a large group of people who can contribute to the same ecosystem. But the nice thing is, like, we'll have some open dialogues with people that are live, and then we'll be able to trade notes and learn some things that we're not just learning from our own launch. But, yeah, we also have to get out. So all these improvements are rolling into the one benefit of being a little late here is that like all these improvements and learnings are rolling into the meteora's team's offerings and their tech so things will be better for us quick question i believe because i haven't used it directly yet do they require you to basically sign up on their app before you can launch tokens or you can launch and then link your x account later um don't know yeah that's a good question i mean they have this they have the tweeting to launch a coin right so i bet that does not require you to use the app, because if it did, it would be a pretty weak mechanic. But, yeah. So are you familiar with Banker bot or Clanker on base, Damon? No. So it basically is like a Twitter bot that you can just send people tokens.
[2266.1s - 2385.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Anybody who gets added when you add this bot, it uses Privy to create a server-side wallet with their Twitter as the login, even though they never gave OAuth keys. And then what it does is it holds this wallet for them until they go and log in. So I can on this bot say, like, send daemon 500 sol and then add dpid or whatever. And then, like, even if you've never used it before, now if you log into that, like, you actually have that sitting there for you in your wallet. It's a really, really cool use of Privy's tech combined with, like, open Twitter messaging. Wow, so with Privy, they allow you to kind of by proxy, create an account or a wallet with whatever Twitter account? Yeah, my guess is it goes from custodial to non-custodial when you claim it. That's probably how it works. So, like, it's custodial, and it's held for you under the username. So, like, I add the username and say, hey, send 500 sold to DPID. Now it's a server-side custodial wallet that's keyed off of your Twitter username. And then when you log in, they take that wallet and they reassign ownership of it to your non-custodial auth ID account. That's probably how it works. It's like you're claiming the wallet anyway that this this same this same concept is like might be how launch point is working is my point which is if someone were to you could do the same thing with with with the tweeting which is like if someone says hey at launch a coin for this coin in a tweet and they haven't used the app you can make a server-side preview wall for that that person who tweeted that and you can launch the coin from that server-side wall which is sort of custodial but could be claimable later so i think it's possible um and then they would have to cover the gas fees, I guess. So it's definitely technically possible.
[2385.9s - 2391.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: I don't know about legally if that starts to look more and more like, you know, Believe is launching the coin and not the user.
[2393.0s - 2393.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Kind of weird.
[2393.9s - 2398.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: It's like the user triggered it, but they didn't have their own non-custodial wallet.
[2398.5s - 2403.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: It was custodial, but they were the ones who said to do it.
[2403.9s - 2405.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: And then the other person sponsored the gas
[2405.4s - 2406.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: it's kind of grayish
[2406.6s - 2413.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: yeah that's
[2413.4s - 2417.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: that's extremely slick
[2417.7s - 2419.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: that's how they're doing it
[2419.2s - 2427.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: yeah so I think it's worth
[2427.9s - 2429.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: looking at Believe and then Believe has
[2505.8s - 2566.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Thank you. yeah so i think it's worth looking at believe and then believe has ones that have launched from twitter and then they have also some that have launched just from the app some of the criticisms on their launches that have launched via twitter is that people said hey people built scripts to to to look for tweets where these tokens are launched and then they do some weak form of sniping where because they saw the tweet they knew the token existed and then a bot goes and buys the token right when it's created other people feel like hey that's actually more fair because these tweet announced one they're announced publicly the moment they're launched and the problem that a lot of other token launches have is the contract address is created and then it's shared later and because it's shared later a bunch of insiders share the contract address before they post it on twitter and actually that's worse um so you have snipers that are doing on chain like views where they're just looking for new liquidity pools spun up and new bonding curves spun up who are sniping at the chain level and then you have snipers who are kind of like looking on twitter with bots for for contract addresses to pop up and then and then botting into those which is obviously a lot slower and so some people said they felt like launch a coin doing it and twitter is more fair because you know that when it's it's out there everyone saw it at the same time but other people feel like there's still just as many problems with with botting and so that actually doing it in the app launching it in the app is like the most fair way because um you have to be a user of the app to see it and then probably there's fewer people that are able to bot the inside of the app so but there's no like consensus on this stuff yet yeah i'm still trying to wrap my head around the ultra modern sniping techniques then there's a follow a couple one good one the graduation snipers i don't know if't heard you guys mention that, so I'm sure it's probably, you're not really worried about the bonding curve stuff, what it sounds like. Well, what's interesting with the new middle curve is that we don't launch the liquidity pools for graduation separately.
[2572.6s - 2573.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: So, from what I can tell, at least that minor vulnerability wouldn't be there.
[2577.2s - 2577.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: Well, what these guys do is they're different depending on what they spend.
[2580.8s - 2581.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: So, the bonding curve will be going up, it'll be going up, going up, and they just wait.
[2582.3s - 2671.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: I mean, it's a bot. And then they put the last X amount of money needed for it to graduate like just before enough so it looks like a pump and then it graduates you know that three minute window and then there's like a few seconds that go by and then again it's a bot depending on when it is boom dump yeah and they you know they don't always profit i could show you one what it looks like but I mean, these are accounts that are up, they're up in the millions. They just, it just runs all day. Yeah, I think that ultimately that there's a hundred ways to quote unquote snipe something, but all it really is, is HFTing. This is just, it's all high frequency trading with different strategies. And there's only one 100% in the money profit, profitable sniping strategy, which is that you're in on the first block. That's the only sniping strategy that's literally 100% profitable every time you do it. The first block count is the person that launches the coin and buys at time of buy? Or is the first block? Because the blocks go by really fast on Sol. Yeah, but the way that they do it is there's a way to spam Sol and bribe it it it's calling but you need to have like really you need to have a lot of money to yeah i pay the yeah you pay the yeah but no but like i'm talking about so the guy like who made 20 million sniping that coin a couple weeks ago like these people they're institutional actors like they because they can make that amount of money they reinvest it back into architecture and and they have teams and yeah yeah big teams in a lot of money and they they get on the first block
[2671.1s - 2675.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: or the second block or whatever and it's like their entire but all they're doing this yeah the
[2675.6s - 2680.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: point is that all it's all hft and they're all strategies and then you can prevent one thing but
[2680.3s - 2683.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: then you just move it to another thing so anybody that tells you that something is anti-sniper
[2683.6s - 2689.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: like is being dishonest right because the the guy from um vertigo is like oh like in the first five
[2806.6s - 2811.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: We'll be right back. but then you just move it to another thing so anybody that tells you that something is anti-sniper like is being dishonest right because the the guy from um vertigo is like oh like in the first five blocks i'll do 100 fee that's fine but then the sixth block is now the most profitable trade right and so like and then people are going to write their bots to to realize that and it's like you're just shifting the problem around the ultimate problem is just price discoverability and then distribution, which is how do you discover the right price in an efficient way where the fewest people, you don't want people losing a bunch of money. And what the snipers really like to do is to drive up the price very quickly, intentionally themselves, and then dump into the candle that forms when everybody else follows them so that's the most destructive extractive behavior but we can't we can't stop we can't stop any of any of this to be honest and like none of it is really in our um even in our skill set to stop i just feel like we have to work with the teams that have the most incentive to fix it and then we need to use the parameters that are the most well-tuned parameters based on what they've found that's my that's my take on this um and that like this idea actually that it's even like stoppable is a false uh narrative like it's not actually stoppable it's just marketing like snipers also are liquidity they also buy and so they're also part of the reason that these these cards go up in the first place and and anyone can be called a sniper um it's just like some are more extractive extractive than others it's just who who has strategies that are the most extractive and hurtful to other traders and who have strategies that are less hurtful to other traders and the chart and the community and ruin distribution of the token that could make it like less and i think that the problem is most tokens don't have any downstream buyers that's actually the real problem so it's like if you if you released an app on the app store and no one wanted it and um and then you're like damn it steve jobs like you made it so my app failed um that's what a lot of what's going on with sniping right now is like people release a dumb token that no one
[2811.9s - 2819.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: wants and then they're like damn it steve jobs like they're like you yeah like what the hell
[2819.5s - 2865.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: man like the app store is the reason my app failed um because like 99 of these things have no they have no product market fit but they have product market fit with momentum traders who trade the chart the first hour of a chart which which isn't product market fit it's just like some set of trading trading strategies that still make these people money on things that never had any chance of working in the first place and so to me those are all false negatives um in the sense that like a lot of these tokens most of these tokens were doomed never to go anywhere anyway and that's like the market behaving rationally and so the problem i have is like when people say this is the reason such and such token failed it's um it's like the streets the streets um it's raining because the streets are wet when when it's the other way around like the token
[2865.3s - 2870.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: The token was going to fail the natural price discovery for the token was zero dollars
[2870.7s - 2875.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: And and some traders picked it up really quickly in the beginning because there was money to be made
[2875.9s - 2878.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: In doing that trade even though the token never had a life
[2878.8s - 2882.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Or never had a price that was ever going to happen above any meaningful amount
[2882.8s - 2885.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: And I think that a lot of people just don't seem to
[2885.2s - 2965.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Understand this it's like the price discovery that happened was the appropriate price discovery the token went to zero because it was worth nothing not because the snipers ruined it and i think that this narrative isn't reinforced by by the teams that put out these tokens because it gives them plausible deniability for putting out a crazy shit coin in the first place because if they just blame the sniper and they made their bag then like there's no responsibility for having put out something that was never going to work um psychologically or to other people so anyway that's it's my more nuanced take on this is like snipers are a bit of a scapegoat um it's a real problem but it's also it it's a real problem and you got to get like the parameters right but you also just have to make a coin that people want and then if you make a coin that people want then that's actually the best the best thing and and most of these aren't things people want they're just things hft traders want for the first five minutes which is not product market fit um anyway but but still there's like there's a lot of lessons to learn in this so it's more around just tuning like i still want to punish those people doing these these types of strategies because they they will make us make it harder for us to make retail um money which i think is really important but but i also feel like we just can't get rid of them completely it's just not possible and that the real like if we fail it'll be because
[2965.9s - 3146.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: we didn't create a strong enough narrative it won't be because snip amount of shenanigans that will take place no matter what but the overall platform has to be solid enough to make it you know for everybody else. And every mousetrap gets optimized eventually. You just have to be happy with whatever that means. So even virtuals, they relaunched their Genesis coin thing with this whole idea of like diamond hand staking, and it's worked really well for them. Now the token's pumping again. But but now it's starting to see fatigue so they got kind of like a month out of it where there were a bunch of people using virtuals who still believe in virtuals other people kind of moved on the people who believe in virtuals would hold these virtual coins they would earn the points the diamond hand points then because they have these diamond hand points they could get allocation and pre-launch tokens because these were pre-launch tokens they got in really cheap and it stopped the sniping issue because you're basically just giving the tokens to your community but then what happens is a bunch of the extractive people come in and they realize there's money to be made doing this and these trades go from being 20x's automatically to to less and less and less until there's no money to be made um and now they're at the exact same situation where everybody's just dumping the minute that they they get these things so it's just a circle of just like you make something that rewards people certain type of good behavior and then um it plays out to everyone starts doing that thing which then may have gotten you the momentum that you wanted because now they're back like they had all all these successful launches. It created a better narrative and the tokens back and people are using the thing again, but then the system like can stop working because it's been like mined to the extent where it doesn't really have the benefit anymore to the people who are involved. So, uh, yeah, a question for all this stuff is just like how to create, um, a system that whatever it looks like when it's max extracted is what you're happy with and that everybody's happy with. And then those numbers always get small. Like, you can never give people the 100 Xs when something gets to scale because the alpha gets whittled away, right? So you just have to make sure you're big and you're solidified when you get to that point anyway um damon anything like on the engineering side that we should be running through?
[3151.0s - 3143.2s] Unknown Speaker: The thing I just really need to clear up, I'm hoping maybe we can just do it here real quick. I was mentioning before
[3143.2s - 3145.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: I just want to run
[3145.2s - 3147.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: through our reward
[3147.2s - 3147.9s] Unknown Speaker: rules
[3147.9s - 3150.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: because I'm not
[3150.1s - 3205.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: people mentioned before is i just want to run through our reward rules and because i'm not people are confused and i'm not like i know like in the abstract what they all are but i don't have the exact numbers all pieced together and so i gotta get it to breeze basically asap so that every and other engineers so that we properly understand that breakdown. Didn't we just review the whimsical this afternoon with Brees? No.
[3207.5s - 3208.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: I mean, I had a chat with him about it.
[3210.0s - 3210.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Oh, when was I there?
[3211.3s - 3211.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: I don't know.
[3213.8s - 3215.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I mean, it was in one of our channels.
[3216.3s - 3217.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Oh, in the channel.
[3218.7s - 3220.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: There was kind of a DM bit. It's like, I just...
[3220.7s - 3224.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: Yeah, but anyway, yeah, he asked a few questions.
[3224.9s - 3227.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: And, like, yeah like there was this
[3227.0s - 3235.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: part of the the whimsical that was not updated so he went over it and i cleared his his doubts but
[3235.2s - 3242.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: if there's any other question that's on your mind i'm happy to i guess i'm unclear of it then
[3242.5s - 3247.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: okay let's go over it
[3251.8s - 3309.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: did you want me to share screen i was just loving the whimsical okay so this these numbers have been cleared up. There was question about how much was going to go into the base point holders fund. But, like I said, I told Rhys that's how all these things were going to be structured. I see. Then, so 24% goes to the pool after graduation? There's a reason for that? Wait, this 24, yeah, I mean, I don't know how it's structured, but that is for the rewards.
[3309.1s - 3314.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: So this is really the rewards pool. It's just that I put fees and rewards.
[3317.0s - 3406.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: Right, because the fees will feed into that, but we reserve the initial 20%. And now this reflects the distinction between the developer and the registrar. Okay, cool. That's what I was looking for. Especially this part here. So, where was that 10% before? I forget. The 10% here, this before uh the community fund and that was four percent or five percent and so we took that five percent and we took another five percent from the curve which used to be 50 and it's now 45 i see oh by the way just a side note the um it doesn't really like validate or invalidate anything but just so you guys know that um the watch coin stuff the 60 is a reward pool for them so they're being pretty aggressive with it dang yeah i mean i don't think they have enough validation yet to like say that that's possible but um the one thing that it it creates
[3406.2s - 3402.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: like uh bubble maps issues right where some some traders on deck screener like what they see in terms of the distribution of the coin might be a little bit weird when the coin first launches so So, we should probably also work with Meteor on that.
[3411.5s - 3465.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Okay. okay say that again justin sorry so we're setting aside uh 25 for rewards uh the the 10k watch to earn app i was talking about for creator coins is setting aside 60 so a lot and our sort of um thinking here was like hey like if we're too if we're too aggressive with what we set aside for rewards then traders are going to be um less excited because the distribution to um the wider group of people will be smaller right they still have 20 set aside for liquidity like we do because that's kind of what's
[3607.4s - 3607.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: necessary but then they have 60 for rewards so yeah so the the pre-sale is for the bonding curve is for a much smaller float um there's some advantages of having a smaller flow which like but one of the reasons people like meme coins is that um because there's a broader distribution they feel like, the theory was that um they could trust the price discovery more because when there's a small flow like you know stories ip token or whatever there's barely any flow and the guys can manipulate the price because there's so few people that hold it that there's not really like a wide enough distribution to know what the real price is because it's all held by insiders who aren't selling and so whatever tiny amount is available is on some order book where even the people behind it can just buy more right so there's like a one percent float for a token it's very easy to manipulate the price but then the theory has always been that for meme coins are pumped out fun with fair distribution you get better price discovery if there's better distribution this is why people look at the concentration across the different wallets and whatever right to see it's it's easier to manipulate the price when someone holds too much and it also means they can dump on you harder like later so one benefit having a much larger rewards pool is that a lot of the supply can never be controlled by the people that just bought the token on the site or on the protocol. Because 60% of it is just going to go to this creator supporters, or in our case, people who actually play the games and make the games. But we kept it at 25% because we felt like we should stick to a 50-50 insider to outsider ratio, kind of more like typical PGE token could be it could be an assumption that's just not necessary i don't think we have any proof one way or the other yet that's all i'm saying in other words we may be able to bump up the game rewards to like double and um it would probably have some impact on token price but we don't really know what it would be what do you literally mean going to 90% when you say double what's that 25% right now right oh sorry I was I thought you meant double for the for for the No, no, no, no. I'm now, right? Oh, sorry. I thought you meant double for the reward.
[3607.8s - 3607.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: No, no, no.
[3610.2s - 3610.7s] Unknown Speaker: I'm talking about allocation, not peace.
[3615.7s - 3617.6s] Unknown Speaker: I'm saying that what they did is they have 60% of the token allocation is going toward watch to earn rewards.
[3618.2s - 3623.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: We have 25% going to developers and players and stakers, right?
[3790.2s - 3791.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: So very small by comparison. Yeah, the question is, where do we take it from? From the base coin? We just take it from the bonding curve part. That's it. Okay, I guess so. Yeah, yeah. That's what I'm saying. so the the consequence is just the test on the market it's like really hard to understand what what people will because everyone said oh meme coins can never have such and such distribution then trump launched one where 80 of it's owned by trump and trump associates and it went just fine so i think there's a lot of hard and fast rules out there that just don't have enough data to prove one way or the other um yeah if trump can own 80 of his coin and everybody loves it anyway then that kind of shows that like all the other stuff is there's a really easy way to disprove it but i don't i don't think we know but we can experiment with different coins as long as i think damon like the net of is it this should be something that is configurable and it may turn out that people just don't really care that much if they believe in this meta yeah i mean if if 60 is working we know that you know i feel much better about having 45 and if we want to go down to 40 at least we're not we're we're parity with the most ambitious one right no no no no i'm is just rewards ian ours is 25 right yes so 60 so we would move that you'd add 35 points to that i i i'm oh i i'm sorry i mixed up the i mixed up the words um we can uh because these guys are up to 40 then that means we can get the the rewards pool a lot higher because we're going to be parity with them right you could i'm not saying we should change it i'm just i i said oh no i don't want to change it i don't want to change it but i'm we now have a test in the market of like a way huger rewards pool it's over 2x bigger than ours, and we can see if there's demand for it and how it goes. It's not a proof or disproof of anything, but it's just useful to see how people react to this stuff because it's a lot closer than any of the other comps we had. So we should watch 10k and see what happens. Okay, go ahead. Damon, did you get everything you needed? What else do you want to go through? That was what I was needing. Awesome. So this includes the 10% for the airdrop, right?
[3797.2s - 3801.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: For the base coin holders rewards, yeah. Right. Yeah, that was the part I was trying to get clarity on.
[3805.3s - 3813.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Okay, and Brees is in sync with that as well. Good.
[3814.8s - 3816.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I don't have anything else to add here at the moment.
[3821.2s - 3822.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: The inner mark.
[3866.9s - 3874.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Yeah. Yeah. the inner mark um yeah yeah i just want to bring up something so this is real quick just so like just so you know what i'm staring at and i wanted to just ask a favor let's see this is just this is just my nose like what i stare at like i've just been building this thing out for like weeks um so this is like the spreadsheet where i track all this is just my stuff i track all the spreadsheet i have a dashboard here for like game count let me go over this another time but this column here is what i want to show you um you see this this is like i already talked to daemon about this so waiting on v3 sdk um that's we'll change the name by the way i didn't forget what's what's um
[3874.1s - 3881.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: i'm just keeping it v3 i'm not changing this what is it what is the name david let's use the name
[3881.4s - 4045.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: let's let's use the words yeah what's the name i mean we should say 0.3 then I need 0.3 okay all right I'll fix my notes later but my so this is this is where I'm at so just to give you an idea like visually like there's a lot of people involved here and what I'm worried about is a couple things so we got it we got to get this out as quickly already talked to Damon about this. I'm just mentioning it to you guys. The first thing that needs to go, like, this is, like, imminent in my world. This is a blocker for, like, everything on the sheet. So once we figure out, like, tomorrow morning, when we take a look at everything, look at staging with Damon, we get this out to the developers, and that can get them unstuck. So Market.js is sitting on, they actually are almost halfway done with Bitcoin. So they have our Trump, they have our, what do you call it, Doge, and then they have the Bitcoin. The SDK needs to go into all of those. So I have to get that over to them they're pretty professional responsive they're a company so like we can kind of gauge the time in which that's going to come back dune duke those guys are pretty cool uh they do run into errors but he works pretty hard so i don't see him being a blocker it's the response time from all the individual people who we deal with there's more than a sheet but um that we deal with in in telegram so the earlier that we get this to them uh the quicker the world the reason why i brought this up and i wanted to mention something is that what we we we mentioned it to all like the engineers too like i'm sure they know but it's like we have to be consciously aware of this now is that even though we're not out we're still live because we have all these partners who are depending on us they're building with us right so for example this weekend friday night i went to go do something in the uh registration tool so i posted in engineering i posted a couple times the the something was someone broke something i don't know what but i wasn't aware of it so i have people on telegram too asking about the errors that they're getting and i'm looking at them and i'm getting better at being able to resolve the engineering problems which is good but they can't register no one can register anything right now so if anyone like this guy wants to move his domain and register i was like well you can't do that yet our stuff isn. Our stuff isn't working, blah, blah, blah. That's why I asked Santosh if we're going to have alerts. So it's like, if we had alerts on state, I know this is down, I can respond to them. So, like, I had to wait all weekend, and I couldn't. I was trying to put the SDK into our test game. So it was like, you see what I'm saying? So maybe with the stuff that's going to touch anything related to, like, onboarding for developers on the back end as we go forward, like, is there a way for me to just kind of be in that loop of, hey, we're going to break this for the weekend so it's not accessible type thing? Well, I mean, yeah. I mean, it's great to point it out that we would never plan to be down. that's just an that's just an issue that you know
[4045.3s - 4068.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: we need to that we would never plan to be down that's just an that's just an issue that you know
[4068.8s - 4074.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: we need to resolve of that not being a thing and like you said reminder that we do have
[4074.8s - 4083.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: users live users now yeah sure to drive that um um you would never intentionally plan to be down
[4083.9s - 4086.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: no no i know i just didn't know if it was like oh
[4086.7s - 4205.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: this is a dev server like i'll fix it on monday it's like i get that but like not every moving piece is internal that was just my point they all know yeah it's a good thing to call out like i think you're 100 right we have users they're just not players yet but we have depths so we've got be live um so yeah and then there's like like rosebud they're pretty aggressive which i appreciate it's just annoying i actually wish more people were like that because that that's good it shows that they're it's healthy um but like you know the access to the dashboards and stuff like that so as as that comes up what what exactly so is that like a carly's thing or is he like still like making fonts look pretty like what's going on with him there's a lot more going on than that but yeah no carlos is he's building the whole goddamn front end but i don't care about the front end there's not a single i can build there's not a single screen i can build carlos i can build mark but like let's just speak productively there's not a single screen in the app that hasn't been built by, he's doing more than changing concepts, I don't, I don't care, I just, I'm asking, I'm glad it's there in Figma and it works on his machine, my question was, when, like, that's the only, like, that's the missing piece that I'm, I'm going to need to tell Rosebud and the other developers when they have access to, I'm just stating specifically the dashboard developer dash what specifically developer dashboard yeah which part of the developer dashboard the whole thing because there has been some form of a developer dashboard right so what what do you need as a developer i need to log in and see a list of the games that are associated with the api keys that i have when i'm logged in but are you asking for this on the website because we all said that we weren't going to launch that on the website because we don't want people seeing the rest of the website right no i'm i'm just stating that that's like a thing that's like we all know that that's a thing but what you need now because there is a whole list of priorities of stuff that is very important when a developer asks me that question what's my answer no no i'm asking you
[4205.5s - 4210.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: which i can is that is there a place for people to register games now and what are the specific
[4210.9s - 4213.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: things you need changed in it that's what i'm trying to do i'm trying to get to the point
[4213.8s - 4218.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: register well yeah there's there's that well we're in that in between period because of the
[4218.4s - 4246.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: migration so we're waiting i have the tool the tool the tool works right it's not that it's like So when I register games, I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go to a place where I need to go when i register games i need to go to a place where i see the games that are registered okay let me please clear this up we have our website but we also have like our kind of pre-launch onboarding website as well which developers currently use right on my belt what i ideally i need i would love for carl is just to bring certain elements over i've outlined it for him basically the form and that games list that's like kind of the minimum that we need um but that is what is critical and missing for them right now if Carlos
[4246.4s - 4270.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: can't do it
[4270.1s - 4278.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: then i need then i need to get hire even santosh to to port that over from the website to that
[4278.0s - 4283.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: onboarding right yeah my point is it's never been on its plate like mark so you just you're going
[4283.8s - 4261.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: after the wrong person here like it's never been on his plate but if you I'm not going to do it.
[4261.0s - 4262.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'm not going to do it.
[4262.0s - 4263.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'm not going to do it.
[4263.0s - 4264.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'm not going to do it.
[4264.0s - 4265.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'm not going to do it.
[4265.0s - 4266.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'm not going to do it.
[4266.0s - 4267.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'm not going to do it.
[4267.0s - 4268.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'm not going to do it.
[4268.0s - 4269.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'm not going to do it.
[4269.0s - 4270.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'm not going to do it anymore.
[4270.0s - 4271.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'm not going to do it anymore.
[4271.0s - 4272.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'm not going to do it anymore.
[4272.0s - 4273.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'm not going to do it anymore.
[4273.0s - 4274.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'm not going to do it anymore.
[4274.0s - 4275.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'm not going to do it anymore.
[4275.0s - 4276.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'm not going to do it anymore.
[4276.0s - 4277.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'm not going to do it anymore.
[4277.0s - 4278.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'm not going to do it anymore.
[4278.0s - 4279.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'm not going to do it anymore.
[4279.0s - 4280.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'm not going to do it anymore.
[4280.0s - 4281.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: I'm not going to do it anymore.
[4281.0s - 4282.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: I'm not going to do it anymore.
[4282.0s - 4283.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: I'm not going to do it anymore.
[4283.0s - 4284.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: I'm not going to do it anymore.
[4284.0s - 4545.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: I'm not going to do it anymore. I'm not going to do it anymore. I'm not going to do it anymore. I'm not going to do it anymore. been on his plate, like, Mark. So you're going after the wrong person here. Like, it's never been on his plate. But if you... I've been on his plate. I've been on his plate. He's never gone to it. So I need somebody else to do it. If you go through his daily reports, it's never been on there. It's never been on the thing he's doing next, and it's never been on something he did. So whatever has been said, it never landed, is my point. Like, if the partner told you he was going to do this and it was on his daily list, it'd be done. He's the one person where you can count on that. Well, when I sync with him, I ask him for it, but then his priorities change. And then he doesn't list on ZOD, so I need to keep hugging him about it. So it's a bit on me to drive that point home that this is critical at this point. So you guys have exactly the design that you want from him on this. Like he knows exactly what he needs to do and he didn't do it. Or he's been passed the instruction that this is important. Like what state is it in? What do you want me to say to Carlos today when I meet with him? Do you want me to ask him why he ignored you, or, like, did he have clear instructions or not, is what I'm asking? Yes, he's had clear instructions, but when I talk to him, it's, like, very late his time, and so I think he doesn't get the notes improperly or he wrote out about the task. I have it outlined. I'll send you my link in engineering, and I should have a task separately as well about it. So that would be useful if you can help remind him of that. But let me find those real quick i mean i just look guys like it's it might be a trigger for me like but and i hate to just spend every call defending carlos but like he posts clear end of day updates he does what he says and often more and then gives very clear updates like um i did not post an update on friday posted something on monday said his internet was down and the effective uh net update was i didn't do anything but i'm sort of working on something so like if i have to pick and choose guys again i don't know what we're we're really talking about here go look at kai's update on monday and the lack of update on friday and tell me you know what the hell's going on with what kai did on friday i think the answer is you don't and the week before that i'll remind you it was the same thing on a friday so it's it's like i'm not just picking and choosing here um but like seriously like if if you communicate i know carlos is a pain because he's on a time zone that's inconvenient for everybody else but that's that's a time zone thing like we can't we can't change that um and he like he wakes up late which is his own personal choice which is which is pretty annoying but but like come on i mean like i anything the clear that's on his plate he gets done and he communicates about it i can't i can't say the same for everybody so like let's just stay focused on what actually matters. Yeah, I agree with that. Speaking of which, Damon, I was very confused by Kai's last update, which seemed to be like a sort of list of things that he said he needed to refactor with no indication of like when it would be done or progress toward the vertical slice you're talking about so i know you're spending time with him so you probably have a really good idea and maybe he's just bad at like coalescing his thoughts into writing but like what is the answer to that question like when are we going to be using this for that my staging migration and game the environment all set up when i i because i asked him for that date as well when i did the sync with them he was saying he's getting it done and that today or his day today which should be now but that was his big thing that he was finishing up today. Yeah, I always get worried when Kai says there's a lot of things that need to be refactored and none of the things on his list are just making progress and the one thing he needs to be making progress toward. So as long as you're confident that he's making progress toward the goal and not on a side quest to rewrite the code again. I'm happy.
[4568.6s - 4572.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: He said there are many refactorings that need to be done. That's, that's code word for I'm going to go spend weeks not moving us toward our goal line. And every other time he said it in the last three years. So to me, that's just like PTSD. Like I is going to go waste a lot of time. Okay, so to get to what I was trying to ask,
[4573.1s - 4574.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: I just need to respond.
[4574.6s - 4575.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: I'm going to respond.
[4575.8s - 4576.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: I'm not bringing it up.
[4577.4s - 4579.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: Rosebud brought it up, but I kept them at bay.
[4579.2s - 4582.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: I showed them the thing, and they asked the same question again.
[4582.2s - 4583.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: I already answered it twice.
[4583.9s - 4587.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: If a developer mentions anything about this,
[4587.1s - 4589.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: I'm going to say it will be released to everybody
[4653.2s - 4725.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: Thank you. and they ask the same question again I already answered it twice if a developer mentions anything about this I'm going to say it'll be released to everybody at the same time just to keep it simple no dates anything like that which brings me to my other thing is are Scott and them are they are we or are they I got to update the on what's going on. I'll take care of that on my end in Telegram. And those guys are doing the same for the influencers or whatever, right? The KOLs, like today? Yeah, they own KOLs. You own game developers. Ian owns Wallets. Very clear, dividing ones. I was just making sure everyone's, like, they're going to do their messaging. Yeah, I mean, there's other stuff, but... Yeah, Scott's on the phone with these K-Walls every single day since he got them. It's like, that's why I had to clear off the other stuff from his plate, because he's literally talking to these guys for hours a day, all of them, that are launching the coin with us. They're, like, super up-to-date. Okay. I can attest to that because he often asks me to help. No, no. I'm done. I'm going to go over the rest of the stuff. Okay. Justin, I wanted to check base, check in with you on this topic again. What is going to be our policy about giving KOLs or teams of developers a share of the curve? because like last time you and I spoke about it was going to be only for Trump and G-Doge but today at Architects and the conversation with Scott kind of makes me worry that we're making similar promises to every KOL and it's fine yeah so that so what happened here is if we were going to launch today it would only be Trump Trump, but we're not on track. So what the rational thing for me to do is to go make progress in closing other teams so that we have a better launch lined up. I shouldn't tell Scott to sit on his hands while we get our shit together, right? So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go figure out other good launches. I'm going to use the time with Scott to go figure out how to increase our odds of succeeding
[4725.5s - 4845.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: in ways that I can control and i can't control the other things that are going on so that's what that means is that there's probably more launches than just trump where we're going to do that now none of that has anything to do with um the tokenomics as you know right that's just purely about the launching and deploying but it does have to do with how we sequence the rollout of the site so a few things one we need to launch the site as solana only and all of our marketing materials is solana only so what that means is that like we have these bitcoin games they're cool but they're only going to be for wrapped so btc at launch we're not going to go chase we have people that wanted to help us launch the real BTC stuff. We're not going to do that at launch I want to just purely focus on Solana so that we can get their 100% buy-in on what we're doing We'll limit the search on the site so that it doesn't show other tokens I'm glad we did a lot of the work to make sure the infrastructure works cross-chain And I'm glad we made all this progress on the EVM stuff because if we hadn't it would take months for us to follow up um but we need to be able to get out with something a product that looks solana only so that everybody looks at it and says wow this is a solana project this is great that means the search only searches solana tokens all the tokens that are available are solana tokens um now that second piece is which tokens are out first we talked about uh mark found the one for the troll face so we can use that um we can we can let that launch with a game we can make more games we can not do marketing and test some things out as a soft launch so that's fine um and then the next thing is like well what tokens do we open up next that's what i sent some messages over the weekend that i think is up for debate and this is related
[4845.1s - 4842.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: in the sense that like we can keep some of these tokens locked from launching so that we can choose to do something more semi-official later some of these projects are managed by the people who launched them as you know and some of them are community takeovers and it's just dealing with people who just hold a bunch and have a lot of control over the community now so either way once we launch a token we can't launch it again
[4842.5s - 4844.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: so I don't think that
[4844.4s - 5127.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: we should be doing one by one sort of structured launches i think that that's not going to maintain enough excitement on what we're doing i think we want to open the door for um people to go do interesting things we didn't expect and so i i do think we should leave some portion of tokens open to be launched but i wouldn't do that right away so the first thing i would do is let only the troll token launch and and moderate it for a couple a day or two or whatever we feel comfortable with and then i probably open up some more long tail stuff to launches expecting that like we didn't really do any marketing yet but you know maybe just let a few others go whatever doesn't really matter and then when we feel confident then we we go have the trump guys launch um but we still have locked down stuff over like a certain market cap um and maybe we have some excluded set in there so the way i imagine it and i want to get your guys opinion on this is like we open it up below some market cap where like we can't hand pick anyway so we've already said that nothing um below a million dollars market cap can even get launched and then we could say nothing above a certain market cap can get launched either it's all coming soon and then make some exclusions so imagine we said like anything between one and ten million can be launched um and then we'll also let like a few launch that are kind of big but we we don't think we're going to do an official um deal with them so one would be like uh so btc because we don't think that there's going to be like any interesting official thing to do with them and another might be usdc because we don't think that we're going to do something official with them this type of thing and but then we reserve like we keep bonk um waitlist are you know coming soon and some other tokens because we're in conversations with them and then we can choose to take the time for whatever they want to do when they're co-marketing and stuff to get it to get it out and then it lets us have like these big releases later so it's some sort of mix of being open and close i think i i think it's a sensible approach to be more disciplined about what we launch with than otherwise so I'm for it like every time we minimize uncertainty or degrees of freedom I breathe a little better well I think ultimately what gives us power is that the permissionless open nature of this so I think we have to get to get there pretty quickly, which is why I want to have a place, a spot that's free for all. So like one to 10 million market cap is just free for all. Do whatever you want. And then we learn a lot from that. But then I think on the top launches, they can drive so much marketing power that we should really make sure some of them go right. And if the Bonk team just is slow to get on board, I'm meeting them in person in New York, by the way, because the call went really well that I had last week, then I just want to make sure that we're not like, our timelines don't match up and then we just launch it without them and they piss them off, right? I want to reserve the ability to launch some of those with those communities because it could be so big that it would be stupid not to. So that the balance i'm i'm looking for we should make the exact list of tokens we think are right to open up and when to open them up but i think is troll tokens open day one it's a soft launch maybe it goes for a day or two um and then we open up to allow some like one to ten million mark cap-ish tokens to be launched and let like maybe people can see what they want to do and then at some point trump token um goes out and then from there like we have to decide what if how the list changes you could go up to 100 million market cap and then and then start opening select ones that are large caps something like that but the goal is still to get to all solana tokens launched within you know a couple of months like i don't think we can drag this out like we don't want to become an exchange oh no no i just want to make sure that we learn with as little noise as possible for the first week or two like that that's literally my concern so you
[5127.2s - 5132.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: know how many like we're going to have a lot of questions about things that will not go the way
[5132.1s - 5139.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: we expected so anytime i can you know i can say well we know that it this is not involved because
[5139.5s - 5226.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: you know we remove that consideration i think it's a good idea. So, to answer your question, the conversations that are in flight are Dog With Hat, Bonk, Giga Chat. Those are the main ones where we already have, like, a connection with them, they're all very very big actually far coin so bonk and far coin are number two and number three respectively after trump so these are pretty big deals uh sorry dog with hat far coin we have all the top four in conversations right now which is pretty wild so we can go meet people from popcat and mog or whatever and um yeah i'm not even going to bother talking to luca even though i already had conversations with him in the past i just i already know how that's going to go he's going to be all on about the ip so it's not worth it but yeah mog and popcat could be interesting so probably other than that like once you start getting a dog and whatever the hell this other stuff is it's like i'm not really we only need so many that like are these high profile ones to drive like big big marketing pushes that i don't i don't think we need to do this for like the top 20 meme coins you know the list that people care about starts getting the impact of of a bonk versus peanut is like a hundred X
[5231.0s - 5233.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: Cool that's my question
[5231.8s - 5235.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: Did you see the I came in today I saw all the stuff that
[5235.5s - 5267.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: I guess did you see the i came in today i saw out all the stuff that uh i guess scott talked to dog with hat dog with hat i was talking to him while he was on the call with him they linked a bunch of materials they're doing i don't know well i guess we'll find out but it has nothing to do with like the dog i mean it is a dog i don't know yeah momo yeah it has nothing to do with us i'm not even we're not going to work with them on that i don't know
[5267.7s - 5267.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: where his conversation went i haven't been updated on it but but if it has to do with their new token i'm not really interested in that part i just want to launch g with with them i'm not really i don't know maybe he got stuck in the wrong direction It doesn't matter
[5267.8s - 5268.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: You'll hear it from him later
[5268.9s - 5330.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_05: Yeah, I don't care about momo momo is like whatever it has yeah i think it is that i was like i didn't i was like why does this look like a cat where's the dog with the hat it's a new coin they're trying to do oh okay yeah never mind I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, I don't know how much it is, okay. Yeah, never mind. Justin, back to our initial thing we were talking about earlier about the $10,000 claim thing.
[5330.6s - 5337.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: What was their mechanism to refund that $0.20?
[5337.4s - 5339.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Because it looks like that is our situation.
[5339.5s - 5406.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: The first claim is about $0.23, and then subsequent ones are mega low like 0.00017 i don't know you guys should go use the app and like spend some time with it i think it was the ux that people were confused about he said that like a lot of these more casual farmers didn't understand they get the money back but it was probably partially the ui wasn't clear enough um it could be an interesting thing that's better than gasless though because if you think about civil attacks like the fact that they have to have some money at all is a useful way of preventing like the lowest quality farmers right um it also limits the scope of who can farm by a lot because it's not premium anymore like they've got to have a dollar of soul in their wallets and you just eliminated most people but but it might not be a bad way to launch until we solve a lot of other problems is my point like if we end up in a world where like everyone has to pay 27 cents in the beginning so they get it back so like they're essentially making a profit on a free claim but it eliminates
[5406.3s - 5408.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: most people who didn't have any soul from being able to claim
[5408.6s - 5410.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: we can like solve all
[5410.5s - 5412.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: these other issues we're going to have and then later go back
[5412.3s - 5414.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: and see if there's a way to do this
[5414.3s - 5416.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: in a way where it's free but when
[5416.4s - 5418.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: it's free we'll have a whole new set
[5418.5s - 5420.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: of civil attacks to deal with
[5420.5s - 5422.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: alright
[5422.3s - 5424.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: okay we'll look at it
[5424.5s - 5426.2s] Unknown Speaker: cool
[5426.2s - 5428.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: yeah sorry I don't know more but maybe
[5428.4s - 5430.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: I can put you in a chat with the founder too
[5445.3s - 5446.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Thank you. it all right okay we'll look at it cool yeah sorry i don't know more but um maybe i can put you in a chat with the founder too so you can ask him some questions is helpful cool guys sorry i gotta jump i'm meeting one of our investors hey justin can you add me to that chat uh as well as dam I think it will be useful for you. Yeah, will do.
[5446.3s - 5448.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: I have to move it over to Telegram and then I'm going to start a new one because there's
[5448.8s - 5451.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: newer DMs right now, so I'll make one later.
[5451.8s - 5452.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: Great, thank you.
[5452.8s - 5453.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_04: Cool.
[5453.8s - 5454.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Thanks, guys.
[5454.8s - 5455.9s] Unknown Speaker: Bye.

============================================================
Processing Summary:
Total segments: 218
Enhanced segments: 0
Confidence threshold: 0.7
