Transcription for: 250530_1726_leads.mp3
Processed: 2025-06-04 10:53:42
============================================================

[0.0s - 765.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: チョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレ Thank you.ご視聴ありがとうございました。チョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレご視聴ありがとうございましたチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレートチョコレ鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏鶏 Yo. Yo. are you doing this fucking worst day of the year. Oh, really? Fucking terrible. All kind of everything's fucking going wrong. It's one of the day everything went wrong. And I'm fucking losing my mind. I haven't left my fucking computer. Like I'm fighting with AI, like trying to do this shit. I'm in Photoshop, fucking freaking photoshop fucking freaking out oh is there anything i can do to help no and then my washing machine fucking four times i gotta i gotta do it again now it's like backed up with water it won't drain so it like slow leaks and though it's flooded four times like this is i'm i'm not the i can't even explain how much fucking water there is i'm soaked like sweeping the water out the fucking bore thank god there's a door here to do this it's fucking oh it's crazy you know it's just a uh there's no engineers fucking people are gonna be gone oh fuck dude i need someone to i got i got these dudes in telegram like i'm hitting up i can't hit up everybody because i don't really know no one's tested this no one's tested it and what testing means is a is a neutral party installing this doesn't like any engineer anyone no one's around no one would do it anyway no one's on the weekends so i gotta wait and then uh so i was like fuck it let me just hit two guys i hit jeff this is a cool guy he's really cool uh one of the dudes uh i was like yo dude like you should try this out hopefully he'll do it uh that's smart but then i was like i tried to do duke dudes because he's pretty cool he he like works weird out he's just cool guy i don't know maybe he'll do it because they're like you know they're not going any of those two won't go anywhere so i'm not worried about them being a flight risk if they have like big guinea pigs but like there's no one else i'm going to do this with because they're already fucking like probably mad like Like,'t i just there's no point in me like hitting everyone up to test this shit you know and then have them go do it again test yet anyway you know so i have everything to give them i just give them the test game and say here's the documentation go and go get this to work does it work do you have it working and then they'll give me a link i check it if it works if it's just one person gets it to work then i can roll it out to everybody yeah but it's like i'm counting minutes it's it's just like because there's like a whole world of shit that comes with this oh no because like yeah it's just it's just i don't know it's the worst fucking day ever. Second. Hi, Justin. What's up? Worst day ever. I'm having the worst day ever. Everything went wrong. And I was up at like four and I tried to go back to sleep. Then I was up at seven. Those guys messaged me. I put the links in the games and then we got with Kai. And I was fighting with AI all day. And then my washing machine leaked four times. There's, like, a slow leak and a leak. Like, it's backed up, so I'm, like, sweeping water. I'm soaked. It should happen again. Your dishwasher? No, no, the washing machine. Yeah, it's, like, when it's done, it's not draining the water, but it's, like, a slow leak. It's leaking draining the water but it's like a slow leak it's leaking from somewhere but it's not the hose it's like the actual machine so like that's not helping oh yeah like oh i don't know dude it's just it's just day it's everything year every day everything goes wrong when it rains it pours right i mean that's that's they say um yeah like it's a mix though you know it's like sometimes it feels it feels like everything's going wrong because one thing colors the whole day and then other other days everything actually goes wrong but um sometimes i feel the same sounds like you're stuck in the one where where lots of real things are going wrong no i'm like trying to work and get this stuff done i want to get this stuff done if you have an idea how to get it done like correctly i'll talk about it in a minute but uh well let me give you one piece of positive news um yeah anything i'll take it i'll take anything let's let i'll give like the one minute of positive did you do something like did your kids get an a in school like no no no no something more more group positivity for everybody so um uh yeah well you raise money well you you asked about the kids stuff so yeah i asked my my second grader to give me a kanji test which is the chinese characters test because i was i was kind of mocking him saying that like now that he's he's in the second grade like i was like any kanji test you give me you just put whatever characters you know on there you make me a test and and i'll see what i get and um yeah i didn't i didn't do as well as i thought yeah yeah so i think i got like a 50 or 60 if i'm being um can you be generous can you write it or can you read it only no no i didn't even put that burden on myself but like i was just like let me identify the sentences and read the the sentences you wrote with these characters So anyway, so he now feels pretty content with himself. Well, that's good. See? No, that makes me so bad. I love kids' stories. Thank you. That's great. And then the other thing is I got an update from Baron, and he's gotten it past the next stage, which is, like, I'm getting an introduction to Eric. So Eric is going to be the one who's basically calling all the shots on this. So the guys that his other brothers are the guys who did it. So, um, yeah, that's getting set up now that has to go through a bunch of extra vetting steps. Cause you know, Baron is kind of in his own little bubble where he gets to like message with me daily and have very little oversight from whoever the powers are that be that like control what's going on with the other stuff. So now he's like, oh yeah, so I'm going to hand you off to my brother. But like, now you have to go through like a bunch of like background checks and stuff. So, you know, now, now I'm being run through the political meat grinder before, before that meeting happens. But yeah, basically he said they're, they're excited and interested to chat about it so that's the next steps on that so hopefully hopefully my background checks pass um i don't have security clearance but but we'll see um and then yeah we got uh kucoin i am uh ty announced it in the chat already but we kucoin said that they want to list us which is pretty cool because it's it's kind of grind like we've just been in chats with all these different exchanges and the way a lot of them work is like they're just straight up going to list and or wait until we list or launch a product the third tier exchanges like doesn't matter like those guys you just kind of give them some token and they just list you and they don't really care but kucoin is kind of like the top of the tier two exchanges and then a lot of the tier two exchanges just sort of follow what they do so like uh gate io and like a dozen others will just kind of probably fall in line now that we share that news with them over the next day or two um and they might not do it right away but basically what it means is like the tier two stuff is going to be um the dominoes are going are going to start to fall. And then on the tier one side, like basically everybody's just waiting for a product launch, but we're in like the multiple stages in with Binance already. Um, and they're just kind of at the stage where they're like, yeah, like everything about this. We like it. We like you guys. We spent a lot of time. I've met everybody there that matters. And then they're just like waiting for us to put up some numbers so they can justify it basically and same thing with okx which is quite rare okx is very hard to get a listing from now like almost approaching as hard as finance and um all indications from them like we're in like the the next level ed chat with them which um what we've heard from the people working with like doesn't happen unless there's really serious indication i'm listening you guys okay x like it's funny you mentioned that because i just noticed this stuff how how are they like so far like what do they do that's so special because they're huge like they're marketing is it their marketing team like they're really good as mine i'm not everywhere man i'm not an expert on exchanges but i agree with you if i if i'm just to think of like
[765.2s - 771.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: marketing and brand placement like in in our channels okx seems to be doing such a great job
[771.1s - 778.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: in like the last year but if you go and you look at the volume finance is still the king um by far
[778.2s - 782.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: uh the wallet volume stuff that that kai posted the other day if you look at like these dunes i
[782.8s - 789.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: mean it's easy to forget but but okx is they do seem to be like really doing a good job in the
[810.0s - 815.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: I'll see you next time. that Kai posted the other day, if you look at, like, these dunes. I mean, it's easy to forget, but OKX is, they do seem to be, like, really doing a good job in the last year or so, like, getting a lot more. It's just very clean, I think is the word I'm looking for. Well, yeah, they have great branding, and they're buying everybody, you know, buy a stadium here, buy a sports team here, put the logo on this. I mean, these guys have so much money. Exchanges just print print money right so i i don't i think that they're the way they compete is on these these these listings and then like all the you know the products that they offer and like and
[815.6s - 819.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: i i'm just there's so many products they offer like i i can't keep up with you know who's it
[819.6s - 824.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: doesn't really matter our for our purposes it's just understanding the social dynamics and then
[824.0s - 1165.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: getting them all to close um the one one that we did there's only one exchange that said no which is an expected no which is coinbase and basically like they're not gonna they're not gonna list us until we have a product out and they see how it goes everybody else kind of keeps it in a holding pattern they're gonna say no and then we we get to just like give them an update when we're out and then they get another chance to say yes um but as you guys know like they don't even end up listing a lot of really good projects yeah they don't list coins at all they're they're really like coinbase whatever like i don't really care if we end up getting coinbase to be honest like binance is is a hundred times more important than than coinbase literally so is that is that who you want is that like who you'd want yeah yeah yeah binance is it like if you get binance you get so much more volume than any other exchange and um that's that's the thing like we can do really well without getting binance i mean virtuals remember virtuals is a dex listed token and look at how well they've done their top 30 40 token now um so like it's not like you need binance to succeed it's just and and i think for what we're doing we we really may not need um finance to succeed because our tokenomics are very similar to virtuals and we could end up having virtuals is such a great comp for us like except for i think we could really outperform them so yeah because we have an actual product and they don't yeah well they have the ai hype which is cannot be underestimated there's a lot of left curve people just throwing money into ai hype and virtuals is a great ai casino to do it with so and they've done a really good job on their recent like thing that the genesis versions they call them to like get everyone making money again on their platform that worked in version points there yeah they're very good like they their token would be dead right now if they didn't innovate it's just that single feature they built this feature their ui sucks the whole thing is like their site looks broken there's three rows if you go on mobile like there's three rows on the top i'll give them props man they came and they like were dying and like everyone wrote them off and they came back and like just crushed it because they focus on what matters so here's what i've learned from from virtuals is like as a launch pad you either make people money or you're done that's it and and we know that but like if you start not making people money the the key thing to figure out is how do i make people money again and and if you go and work on anything else like if we start not making people money and we're like oh it's because of the game quality we're 100 wrong if we do that like that's that's what i learned from virtuals the answer was not oh we got to go make the AI agents have more utility. We have to go improve how well the AI agents are. We have to go, like, figure out how to make the use case more real. None of that happened. All they did was just figure out a better way to make more people money on the launchpad. And then that's it. That's what fixed it. And so the lesson there for me is, like, that's always got to be priority number number one because there's a weird thing that happens in crypto where like if you can maintain you know they say with something the quote is like markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent have you ever heard of that it's the idea that like you could be right but you could still lose because because the market is not necessarily rational right it's like you could be totally right that a company is worth less than what people think it's worth but as long as people disagree with you for long enough you can lose all your money anyway um and and i think that's what's the interesting thing about crypto is that if enough people believe something it can become true in a very interesting way with what we're doing because like the fees from this will fund the game development and fund players to play the games and so the number one thing and the only thing that we're responsible for is keeping creating great new token launches where traders make money and keeping the prices up and that's basically it if we keep prices up and keep volume up everything else will work and i don't think there's going to be anything we can do on the game side that'll make like volume or price go up that's kind of my my take after after looking at like everything that's going on so what does that mean it means like coming up with schemes like what virtuals did is actually the highest leverage use of our time. And then in an interesting way, like, we have to tune our UI to be good enough. You know, it has to be, like, you go to our site and you kind of understand what's going on. And, like, you're like, oh, there's games and I can vote on them and stuff. But if we go spend a lot of time on making our UI better, it does, like, absolutely nothing to improve the price or the volume of the tokens because most of the people aren't even trading them on your site over time so so like your ux like really doesn't matter and virtuals is proof of that if you go use it on mobile like they have three rows of buttons on the top header now it looks terrible it looks like they haven't loaded up the site in mobile in two months because they were busy building the points feature and they didn't care what their site looked like so i i think that that's that's my big takeaway is like it's a weird situation for us to be in but but i'm really trying to internalize this like the token is the product so we either make we either make tokens where numbers go up and there's a lot of volume and then that's everybody paid which means that it will become true because because the game developers will have the money and so will the players or we we get stuck in a world where we're like improving the ui of our dex trader which will never ever be as good as any other dex trader and no one cares so it's an interesting lesson um to me i mean, Believe has a great mobile-friendly UI,
[1165.7s - 1165.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: but it just doesn't matter.
[1166.6s - 1167.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: They have great assets.
[1168.6s - 1174.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: People are mostly trading them on Jupyter.
[1175.8s - 1176.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: We need great assets.
[1177.6s - 1178.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: We need a number go up.
[1180.7s - 1181.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: So that's all we really need. It's always been the game in crypto.
[1226.4s - 1247.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: All right. Yeah, so lots of good news. But sorry if your washing machine is leaking. Well, it's like that. It's just other stuff. So much stuff today. Do you want to start? Or do you want to start with this morning? Do you want to go? Yeah, I can start. Oh, okay. I'll jump in when you get to the Thai thing. I'll explain. All right. I'll start with Breeze, and I don't have a whole lot to say about him because he didn't leave an EOD. I know he was going to start on, well, he had already started with this, but he needed to get some information from, I forget, oh, he needed to finish some documentation with some information from Meteora or something like that, but I don't know if he finished it. He told me he was going to be working on triggering manual graduation on DevNet because it has to be that way, but I don't know if he finished
[1247.8s - 1242.0s] Unknown Speaker: it. I do know that the things that if he has not finished these, these are the next two things that he's going to tackle. However, he is out on Monday, so we won't get him until, back until Tuesday.
[1248.0s - 1267.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Carl's had a bunch of until, back until Tuesday.
[1267.5s - 1276.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Carl's had a bunch of stuff done, like you, I've hidden a bunch of the old, old
[1276.9s - 1525.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: tasks, but yeah, he basically changed, I think, let's see, 208, 216, 218, PR 140. He finished this one, and I just haven't marked it. Doom, and this one. In fact, I think all of these are also done. But anyway, he finished everything that had to do with doing the media, getting things to play in the About page, and having the thing tap outside. He added all the columns to the Top Stake games for Voices earnings, and stop me if you've heard all this because I know that you were talking with him before I was up, and basically what he's going to tackle next is everything that's got to do with the Jupiter widget, it's basically like, yeah, he just has to figure out how to do it and after that he'll just continue down the down the list but yeah he's just pushing things out like crazy and Kai yesterday spent a bunch of time fixing stuff for the SDK, finished the points logic, fixed how the metatags were being worked in the UI. He reworked all that stuff for VOTE token association so that now people will earn points towards the token that they entered in through. One detail for this was that we had a lot of information on our website, and enters through a game without context. And the positive, so in a world where we were only OG, like my solution is simply if you don't have context you default to the to the reward that players get which is in that case it's the whatever trump but we can also default it to the oh to the part of that's OG if if we want to I just wanted to see what you thought about that. Wait, what about OG? I don't understand. Oh. If I go into a game that has no token. Yeah, if you have no context, which token do you earn points for? Oh, I thought what we discussed is you just earn all of them. So say I went to your site, iansgame.com, and there's like 20 tokens associated with it. Then you'd earn all of them. Well, that is if the token has the associations and you entered through them, yes. But if for some... No, you wouldn't have entered through them. You just went to iansgame.com well yeah but in that case doesn't ian's game get the yeah well ian's game is associated with 20 tokens but like i didn't come from a wallet i just went to iansgame.com where we're talking to a bunch of pixie developers who just have a bunch of we spoke about that but wouldn't that kind of incentivize i remember this is who you're talking about last night wouldn't that incentivize players to play without context because they get exposure to everything maybe but it depends on how how much any of those other tokens are actually worth i mean yeah i mean there's one way of doing this which you never earn all of them at the same time you always have to come in your content so so i guess that's the what the question we're really asking then because like i just assumed that we were gonna when we've discussed it previously it was like just give it give them the whole basket um but you're right i didn't think about like that if technically speaking it it would incentivize people to go direct
[1525.1s - 1527.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: if they want to just maximize earnings.
[1532.2s - 1533.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: I don't...
[1536.9s - 1541.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: But we still have this, not necessarily direct, it's just within context, right?
[1541.7s - 1547.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: So, like, our Gems update that we haven't built yet that you have
[1547.0s - 1552.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: outlines just a list of games with the rewards and and that includes all the rewards attached
[1552.8s - 1556.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: to them right you wouldn't be expecting to swipe through and play a game that has a bunch of tokens
[1556.7s - 1560.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: on it and only get one particular one or how would you even know which one you were getting
[1560.6s - 1563.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: because you never came from a trump feed for example
[1585.1s - 1751.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'll see you next time. one you were getting because you never came from a trump feed for example all right that was my thinking i mean the alternative would be don't give them anything which just seems dumb because like then there's going to be no retention fall to a like a backup token which could always be the quote token or it could be you know the derivative but derivative. But I figured... The quote token, what do you mean the quote token? We're going to give them the tokens that we have in the reward pools, right? We're not going to give them OG token. I don't think that makes any sense. That's what I mean by the quote token. But why would we give them OG? Like it has nothing to do... I didn't say we should. I'm giving you the options my my plan right now and what I told Kai to do was to fall on the quote coin as a default if for some reason there was no context at all wait well but isn't the quote coin always OG like so aren't you saying the same thing in a different way I don't what is then what what is the the quote coin for all these pairs is og right when when we're live like when it's i was thinking of a world where we were paying with trump and that's no longer the case and that's something else that i wanted to talk about but then you're just saying the same thing which is if they come in without contacts give them just reward all the coins that are associated with it you have two options one is you pick one or you you give them everything I've always like I like I know I mean I know this decision was made a long time ago and at the time I didn't think it was a good idea and I still don't like the idea that playing one game earns you a ton of coins in the sense that it can just be so easily exploit it, it seems like I just you know play well I mean I guess it I guess it depends on how much shenanigans you're willing to but it just seems to me like if I can get like if I have to make a choice it's more significant and it gives me incentives to play the same game multiple times if i know that i'm going to get a good reward well the whole point of having incentive is so people play the games over and over again that's why we're doing it but you're just saying the only concern i think is that people attach a bunch of coins that that we feel like are just crappy coins to the game and then it gets annoying yeah there's no and then the other concern which you brought up which we hadn't talked about before which is like getting the basket might be more appealing than getting a single one so you get some people who are just like going directly to these game sites and then ignoring the tiktok carousel or whatever but i don't even know if that matters i mean and how do we so do we i guess guess they compete, and that's the thing, because when you enter in through, like, in a world where you enter only one, like, the person that gets multiple, like, does he get the same value of points across all the tokens? Like basically does does he have 80 points to compete for token A, but he also has 80 points to compete across for token B?
[1751.8s - 1752.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: Yeah, points are points.
[1753.1s - 1755.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: In the UI, you earn points and you get points.
[1755.4s - 1757.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: If we change anything to do with that, no one's going to get it, right?
[1757.7s - 1759.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: So that just has to be what it is.
[1759.6s - 1760.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: No, points are points.
[1760.3s - 1762.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I'm just thinking of how do we...
[1762.9s - 1764.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: But the relative weightings are different, right?
[1764.5s - 1766.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: Because the reward pools and the points pools are all different.
[1766.5s - 1769.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: So 80 points on Peanut doesn't mean 80 points on Trump.
[1886.0s - 2006.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: Thank you. points i'm just thinking of how do we but their relative weightings are different right because the reward pools and the points pools are all different so 80 points on peanut doesn't mean 80 points on trump they mean totally different things so but for the user they just want to know they earned 80 points and they have 80 points for both yeah but what i'm what i'm trying to say is that there there could be a case where the person that that gets multiple like that gets all that span across all those tokens is what's the word outs like it's gets too much of an advantage but it doesn't give them any advantage on any individual reward pool it only gives them an advantage to their overall earnings which it always will right by default yes and that's it doesn't give them any advantage in any individual reward pool i i hear what you're saying so like the question though ian is like is is this which is there are two main ways to enter a game i think so let's just talk about the flow so one is you're coming in from a play button on a trump coin and on some token listing page or some other thing you're coming in because you're looking at trump and that'll be end up being a very common entry point could end up being the most common entry point and then the other entry point is you're just in some generic flow about earning coins um or you're going directly to the website so this is either the gems app or we're just sorting you and showing you a list of all the games um and so it's not about trump coin but that same game is there has four coins attached to it now you want to be earning all of them because it would be weird if we only give you one when you're playing a game that has a bunch attached to it um in that situation like the reason that we talked about this idea in the first place was we're worried about a bunch of random coins creating their games coins creating associations with games to get to get marketing for their coin now in the situation of like the gems thing it seems like it's yeah it could still be a problem and then i think one of the other things we mentioned is maybe we need to have the ability for game developers to like Kick off coins, but that seems it seems like probably a lot of people would never Go and bother to do that. So like a system that relies on that is not great We've also spoken and I was in the impression we had agreed on this that we would limit how many tokens could be associated with the game I think it was five Well, i think the best way to do that wouldn't wouldn't be to um three to limit it it would be so yeah have you been paying attention to laudio uh no like yeah so so they're just so they're just doing this thing where there's like a leaderboard for people mentioning the um that the coin it's the same thing like pacmon thing but they're only rewarding the top 25 tweeters so so like the thing that would make a lot more sense like we don't want to limit associations because associations are good for everybody but if you wanted to make it so that only the top five associations get paid based on like use like the rewards and that could that would make a lot of sense like if the only the ones that got voted up the most the top five and then you're basically forcing um the people to pay up to get that association exactly and they're all competing to get the association then then you solve the problem without any moderation on the game developer side and then only higher quality tokens will be there and then if the tokens want to pay for the marketing they basically can't they just buy and stake to get the votes so that seems like the best solution all right good then i guess we can move forward with that in other words you don't want to limit the number of associations that would be a very bad idea you want to let everybody associate but you you make them compete on being the five that can actually be earned yeah could be three two if you really want i mean if we do it this way you know three could also be fine and then this this could get token communities motivated around like oh shoot this game is amazing and we lost our spot so we're not getting the marketing anymore so we better show up at stake this would actually encourage a lot of other people to stake besides the game creator
[2006.8s - 2016.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: yeah anybody that has a stake on the on where the rewards go
[2016.2s - 2024.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: yeah so this this changes some things but i this is thanks for pushing on i think this
[2024.5s - 2046.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: this actually makes a lot of sense which is i i think top three might be better to start with, though, than top five. Even better. Because the five has always been a challenge in the UI to even get that many across. But yeah, you can have as many tokens associated with something as you want, but only the top three earn anything based on votes.
[2047.3s - 2054.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: So, but the UI has to show this, which right now, none of that's happening.
[2056.5s - 2060.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Yeah, I got to give V some guidance to adjust for that.
[2062.5s - 2086.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: Well, I think on the client side, when you're playing a game, it's not not really you're just showing the three token thing the staff that we showed before um but the website where we manage the votes the the voting for each game has to show the it already has a list of token votes and it has to be by u.s u.s dollar. It can't be by number of votes because
[2086.0s - 2088.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: some of these tokens are worth very little.
[2089.5s - 2090.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: So it has
[2090.0s - 2092.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: to be, if you're going to do this leaderboard,
[2092.2s - 2094.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: it has to be by the U.S. dollars that are voted
[2094.0s - 2095.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: against this game. That's how you have
[2095.9s - 2096.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: to decide this.
[2098.6s - 2099.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: So I think you need to
[2099.9s - 2102.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: spec this, basically, because there's a lot of details.
[2102.7s - 2104.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Yeah, I'll have it written up on
[2104.1s - 2248.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Monday so we can sign off on it um all right uh what else did kai do um this is really cool actually because this lets you um this opens up basically like it's almost like nascar sponsorships right where um even if a game has nothing to do with a token if people just like a game and they want to distribute their token through the game Then they have to like basically bid to be one of the three tokens that gets distributed through that game Yeah, so it's they're essentially like the token communities are competing for for marketing. Yeah, it becomes a cool new meta Okay, so we'll move forward with that so he did everything for the SDK that he was told to do he had to basically fix how token launches are handled since basically the staking contract was built against a different set of like against different, against different token spec. But anyway, that was not a big deal, he took care of that. And he finished a good chunk of basically anything that's front end for staking is finished. And he started working on the back end of parts, but he ended up spending more time with Vibe Coat Zone stuff than than he expected so he didn't get as far into the staking feature as he wanted but i'm still happy that he spent so much time with vibe code zone because they i mean maybe i'm exaggerating mark but did we get to a like where is vibe code zone sitting so they're they were able to resolve their problems and then kai said that it was good that he did that because they identified something that he needed to be fixed on the back end because if he didn't fix it everyone would have ran into the problem what the problem was i i don't know specifically yeah i'm sure there's plenty of those so yeah i'll just be spending lots of time integrating with these these teams yeah but they're they're up. They got it. I saw them register their directory in the – we have a channel that fires off for registrations. So he did that. I was watching it all morning and was talking to him. And then the other guy said that he'll get back to him with something. But he got it working for a minute. So he's unblocked from what I see see i wish i knew what it was that that kai
[2248.0s - 2253.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: identified but he was like really excited about it so i'm assuming it's a lot bigger than he
[2253.4s - 2263.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: may not be he was like happy that he found it so yeah so that was kai's day and the things
[2263.8s - 2290.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: that are in yellow are the things that he's gonna continue tackling on Monday one more thing that I wanted to touch base on was our decision to use SOL as a quote token I think it's a good idea but I I'm suggesting that we use USDC instead basically because of of how token associations are handled, and it's against a contract address.
[2291.4s - 2294.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: And Solana doesn't have one. It is just 0-0.
[2296.3s - 2299.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: So we were talking about that with Brace and Kai.
[2300.0s - 2465.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: They were starting to see, like, oh, a lot of what we're going to do then we'll have to undo when we go to og because it's but but but but let's just approach this from a design perspective and not an engineering perspective like every launchpad uses solo the quote token therefore like i think they should just figure it out and like doing anything else would be dumb and introduce risk that's my my take like we're just if pumped up fun uses soul soul is good if is good like let's not go down a path of introducing risk alright alright I'll tell them to figure out how to do yeah I mean engineering does not drive, this is a design decision, like liquidity is in Sol, it's not in USDC okay and that's the way it shall be and that's my spiel I updated all the things now to reflect the the salt thing I also cleaned up some of the arrows and made sure that we highlight that, you know, that there's going to be some swapping for the, the base coin going on. Um, but yeah, this reflects all our recent conversations. And that's pretty much all I have to say. So, let's jump in. So, yeah, so this morning with Kai, when he finished with the Vibecon Zone, I got with him to talk about where he was on the points. So, he got everything working. He shared screen, right? He got everything working he showed he shared screen right he got everything working and then i was uh he updated the documentation we went through that i found some things that he missed we went through he did everything we took it out of draft mode published it it's there it's up so that's that's everything that needs to be documented for this update is there um he got it working when we watched him on his screen but then i immediately was telling myself i need to go because there's no one around to test this so i was like i gotta go test it so i went to go put the sdk in the first thing boom went to verify in the dashboard had error so it was i luckily i caught him right before he left so he fixed that so verify works what i don't have is so so what we were going the original plan was when he finished he was going to give it i need a neutral party so any engineer so he's going to give it a carly's and say implement we're just going to give him a you know one of our grok games just go implement
[2465.0s - 2685.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: the sdk and see how long it takes them because i need to know how much time this actually takes so he didn't we didn't have time to do that so basically no one tested it so i went to go integrate the sdk and i ran into an issue with the uh the login part and the claim part so i looked at his code on his example matched up against what i had in cursor and i don't know man like i think he just likes to add this is just me i can't i can't he it looks like he added some stuff on the fly because you know he can just write code fluently and it didn't really match up from like what we were talking about so i can't identify what the issue is that other people will work on so i don't really know if it works from a raw install standpoint without going in and tweaking a bunch of stuff that we don't intend developers to do because we don't want them to do that so i need someone to test this so i didn't roll this out wide but what i did do i was thinking about it like a couple hours went by i'm like freaking out because i really want to get this out i was like all right i hit up jeff the guy in new zealand so i let him know i was like hey look we updated if you can get it in like let me know and then he didn't say anything i was like all right let me hit up do and do it because those the other guys that like i can probably use as a guinea pig so i have these things out in telegram and i'm just monitoring this like every second like waiting for feedback so hopefully something comes in over the weekend but i really need somebody to so ian i was going to ask you if they if these guys don't get back to me on the weekend uh um on sunday or monday can we get it in for a task for someone not kai to implement this i'll give you the the the game it's just it's just a grok game it's like click box to to have them implement it and then and then time them i'm not sure are you asking for another engineer within our company can we do that we can get it in someone's schedule yeah we can probably santosh can can i think you're muted if you're talking oh sorry i I uh i said yeah yeah we can probably santosh can probably knock that out relatively quickly and he's back on monday yeah so kai's estimate was like like a basic mid-ish engineer shouldn't take more than he said 25 minutes a good like an engineer who knows what they're doing he said less than 10 so we'll see it's not the time it's it's the errors that they run into that's that's what i'm worried about can they follow the documentation can they get this installed without asking 50 questions about the errors that are going because there are errors that are happening but they're only warnings so the warnings don't interfere with the code how hard is it how hard is it to clean up the warnings because like everybody brings that up yeah that seems like like even if he said it doesn't matter like i don't know if it's scalable to have kai telling people it doesn't matter ignore all these warnings every time someone's implementing it yeah he just says ignore them like even like when i every time i brought those warnings to him even in the past like he'll look at them and say yeah you know you know but they're kind of scary warnings it's like solana wallet not hooked up and it's like you know there's privy errors and it's like wait why is there a privy error but i'm sorry warning it's weird like there shouldn't be any because i don't know maybe yeah anyway maybe just ask him how hard it is to clean them up like i know they don't matter but they do matter in the sense they freak out everybody who implements it and then they cause questions so they matter for developer ux like if it's that he's instantiating wallets that aren't connected that's something that we can prevent like he can do try catches he can make sure we're not instantiating stuff in the wrong context so he might be right that it doesn't
[2685.3s - 2691.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: matter that like if it tries to connect the the instance isn't there then nothing bad happens but
[2691.5s - 2696.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: it does then make people think they're doing stuff wrong which makes them stop implementing or
[2696.1s - 2700.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: whatever it's just there's no reason to do that and that's part of what happened with i mean he
[2700.5s - 2705.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: would have ran into another issue anyway but that's actually the twice with the vibe code zone
[2705.8s - 2709.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: particularly just just because they're the latest ones that we're dealing with but you are right
[3085.4s - 3089.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Thank you. i mean he would have ran into another issue anyway but that's actually the twice with the vibe code zone particularly just just because they're the latest ones that we're dealing with but you are right that pretty much everyone has flagged those as as an issue and it's like well no so if we clean those up it's just less it's it's better for us it's less communication that's like not needed it's like because we're not going to be communicating with people once we're launching and they're going to think that they did something wrong and they're not going to ship it because they're going to think it's broken so and i have an idea for the docs i don't know if this is if this is stupid or if it's too basic but i and i'll get with damon on this because that's all i hid the we had an ai script in there for cursor and for for windsurf which worked for the original original version but there's, but there's no way it would work with this, so we hid that. It's still there. So Damon told me before he left, he gave me the code to fix the initialization, but that was for the second version. So here's the thing. The version that we're on now, going forward, everything will be backwards compatible. Right now, the two is not compatible with three but that's fine because everyone's starting from scratch so going forward we're going to make sure that you know when we hit version whatever whatever version you're on it'll work so that's got to be implemented and kai was aware of that he said that it's not an issue going forward um so i think as a developer to make this easier for people to your point justin what you just said i think we should have two sections one one one should say it should it should be like we should have an ai section we should break it out and it should be like are you a developer that wants to use this or do you want to do it you know manually and i think we should break it out into sections the way that it looks like when it's in the code. So when you look at it in the code, so Damon has it set up. It's pretty cool. When you do the A, it doesn't work. But when it's in there, it has the comments. So it comments everything, and it lets you know. It's comments. It tells you everything you need to know. So I think we should break out out our our um document documentation that way like almost commented it's it's kind of like that now but if you look at it it's just like this drive-by of like just calls api calls now i understand an engineer can read that but like i think we can make it easier this isn't really a big issue i'm just bringing it up because i stare at them a lot and i get lost yeah my my take on documentation this is what i asked damon to do a couple months ago was just copy stripe copy the best of breed like documentation to solve problems so let's go copy whatever is the best well okay if right is one of the best it used to be one of the best i mean it's probably grown in complexity like crazy over the last 15 years but but what is an api that every developer has to integrate and everybody can deal with and figure out in like a day stripe is kind of the litmus oh my god this is so nice it's like all formatted and i mean it's obvious it's easy to say go copy like a hundred billion dollar company's apis but like the docs are the docs and like they're getting started page and they're fatui and everything you know wow it's like you can if there's anything their their product is the api is my point and if your product is the api then then it's probably good to just go copy those companies because i'm sure they've spent tons of time dialing this this thing in and we should just copy their approach so my sense on this is like mark if you're if your your senses are that it's not good enough like i'm not surprised um and then i would just say but like like instead of starting from nothing and trying to figure out what it is let's just go figure out what the best two to three companies are and then do it just like you would design a game like there's by looking at other successful games there's no reason for us to design i'm actually going to do that going to do that. I'm going to look at stuff that I, like, if it, like, it's not, this is going to sound weird, but, like, if it passes my test, like, I think that's safe. That's fair to say. Like, if I'm like, yeah, okay, this is cool. Just looking at Stripe now, like, I'm blown away. And the only thing, you know, it's not anything different we're doing. It's just formatting. Like, that's, they yeah well it really matters right so yeah maybe maybe you can just fix the formatting on this stuff because i think i even fixed a lot of the content but i don't think he really dove in on the formatting yeah yeah i just yeah i gotta yeah i'll i'll i'll take a look at it but i just wanted to bring that up it's not bad because people can get by, but I think we can make it better. And, but continually over time, like I asked developers, but once I get stuck, once I go for this push, I'm going to kind of push a little bit harder for feedback and be like, you know, where'd you get stuck? Whatever. It's like customer support tickets make up the FAQ, right? Same thing, the same concept. So I'm sure Stripe that's built over customer like complaints and like, you know. Yeah. Yeah This thing is, you're looking at the docs that are the result of 15 years and people asking questions. Right. Implementing the thing and getting stuck. So, that's what I'm saying. Like, let's just copy it. Okay. Yeah, it's beautiful. Like, I'm not going to lie. It's really nice. Thanks for pointing that out. I'm going to go look at other ones. There might be one or two other good examples, but Stripe is a good one because it's similar to what we're doing. It's, like, you can implement in like less than a day if you're using the basic use case and it's something that's super widely implemented um where it doesn't really matter like are you an ios app are you a like a website like they have they're kind of in the same situation as us where they're providing a very base level thing it's very simple to implement that can be used across a lot of different types of services so they're really good analog i think yeah no you're right it is this is definitely like something i agree you should copy okay um yeah that's pretty much all so here's what i'm going to do with the with the with the thing i just i just have one question so if you're cool this will make things a lot easier and it'll it'll it's going to come out the way that i expect it to and i really want to make sure that this comes out right i have a friend her name's jesse i worked with her for for years um she she's an artist and she's online right now actually playing over much i was going to talk to her to uh help out with this and then if if she can she'll deliver the psd files then we can edit as much as we want i just need her to get like the base the art the cut like everything the way that i wanted so i'm going to draw it all out get all the references red line work with her and then get these down to the point where we can just like start moving things around because it just trust me if i can get her to do this or at least get an artist to help because by the time we go get like if we go to ariel to get an artist first of all they're going to charge
[3089.1s - 3095.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: you like ridiculous amounts of money she won't and i'm friends with her so is that cool to like
[3095.7s - 3099.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: at least try to get it done like on a good clip like i didn't understand like what is the reason
[3099.5s - 3206.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: to not use v we have no no no no oh you mean you no no this is like 2d like art stuff for what for the for the docs no for the thing for no no i can do those uh for the uh the thing for solana to try to help her help me out oh sorry i missed that part um okay it would really help if she's available i think she might be if not i'm gonna do i'm just gonna spend all weekend on it it's fine i'm gonna do that anyway but i really want to make these like super like she's she's an artist like she's she's done a million of these i've done them with her i've worked with her for years is it gonna be like fast enough i don't know the question i'm just throwing it out there i haven't talked to her yet i'm just was planning on it yeah no it should be if she if she can start on it right away like tomorrow or tonight i'm gonna get on it right now with her if not i'm gonna do it is she comfortable using ai or she well yeah i haven't i'm sure she is i haven't talked to her like in probably like eight months or so but i have to get i'll talk to her about that i'll know if she can do it or not i'm just letting you know that like i was gonna get help with it that's all okay yeah i mean it's just the reason i ask is because there's like kind of this leftover cast of game artists who who think ai art is the devil and we we parted ways with some and like they they're very unproductive in the modern world so I need to know if she's on board with that or not for real because I don't want someone who hand draws everything if it's just super slow. Oh, no way. No, no, no. It's like, do you have your AI skills? And plus, I'm going to be giving her most of the templates, like the framework, the environments, anyway.
[3206.9s - 3209.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: I just need her to put all the stuff on top.
[3209.2s - 3211.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: I don't need her to, like, go design everything.
[3211.5s - 3213.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: I'm going to go, like, do that part.
[3214.9s - 3215.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: I'm going to work with her.
[3216.9s - 3217.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Basically, I'm just letting you know.
[3217.8s - 3218.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Was she at Limit Break?
[3218.9s - 3220.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Like, where did you work with her?
[3220.1s - 3220.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Oh, no.
[3220.6s - 3222.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: I've known her over.
[3222.3s - 3510.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: So, like, I work with her at the Chinese company that I used used to work at i worked at them for two times for a few years um and then over the years since like 2016 um i mean i've hooked her up i've gotten her jobs i've gotten her work like i referred her to people and she's a cool chick that like does good work this is back in like 2dr she's a really good 2 artist concept where I'm suffer crunchy roll like work there that whole thing basically yeah so okay yeah I mean my I guess I'm not putting it in her hands she's just helping me I'm just letting you know I'm gonna ask for help that's all but you'd be available to start like immediately is the reason that you yeah it's basically like this weekend like I have a couple assets I need you to like i want to place them here like for the for the um you know for like the runner one like you know here's the obstacles i want to put this here i want to ramp i need the coins to do this you're going to jump over that i want the billboards on the side like just basic stuff really you know because that stuff is like really fast for a 2d artist like she's not designing anything from scratch i'm giving her all the stuff like i'm not saying here well so here's my my take mark is like the speed this is why i was focused on the ai thing and then costs like you know we were outsourcing all of our artists to um other parts of the world we're not really hiring like us-based artists anymore so i guess i'm just curious like i'm just gonna ask her for a favor yeah what her well i'm not opposed to paying her I'm just pointing out that if we ever did hire another artist again whether they're in-house or out-of-house we're probably never hiring another US-based artist ever it's just they're almost unhireable at this point you know my view we've this. You know my view. Yeah, I know, I know. We've talked a little bit about it before, but that's, so what I'm saying is like, she might be great, but, you know, I don't, I just, like the world has moved on to AI and Fiverr dudes who can do stuff that you used to have to hire some brilliant, like XR guide to do the 2DR4 previously. And so those people's skill sets are not, they're just not what they used to be i know and like when you guys used to work with uh this i worked with this guy too for years one of these probably the second best art director i've ever worked with in my life and we me and ariel were pricing out all the old member i don't know if you remember we went out and talked to a bunch of artists like the old art houses that uh we were like hey how are your ai skills here's what we gave them this uh mural board to go do trump stuff yeah this is like and they're like oh yeah and they came back to this is this is my friend too and he was like a lot less and i was like dang you gotta hook me up but like it what he like does outsource he has a studio in china like you know he does a lot of artwork dude they came back with prices to do it was a hundred we said 100 assets we need 100 assets in like three days right like just to see their volume dude there's like six grand yeah yeah so basically i don't think the world is adjusted and i think he's not just clinging on to their old um contracts with big companies who don't know better so we stopped we're not a big company who doesn't know better so basically my my standpoint on this is like there's ai native people and they tend to be like gen zers who are just like ariel ariel's not a gen zer but he's like steeped into tools you know learning how to be super productive and there's everybody else who's just holding on to their triple a studios who have they raise a hundred million and they don't care how they set their money on fire and the producers are too lazy to go figure out the new thing that's that's it yeah and it's like the same thing it's like web 2 you know they don't want to come to web 3 the world's changing it's either you adapt or you're gonna die like that's it so anyway look yeah i mean if you just so we understand so we're on the same page about about timeline i i would like to get stuff in front of them next week if i can yeah yeah so i'm just saying like i'm i've never asked like a friend for help here so it's like i'm just letting you know like if you're cool with me asking a friend for a favor that's it i'm not hiring anyone i'm just like i need you to do some stuff that's it well but yeah but don't you think we should pay her i guess oh yeah yeah no we we will i'll get if it's ridiculous if it's more than like a few hundred bucks then i'm not gonna do it but um yeah you're saying it's a favor and then you're saying we're not hiring her no a favor she doesn't she doesn't get paid like if we're hiring her then we're hiring her oh yeah no we gotta care but she's not gonna charge us like what she would charge someone else is what i'm saying like i i'm very comfortable like if she's like oh but it's gonna be like you know 300 i'll be like what can you do too you know so come on your books okay okay sure sure she might not do it i don't know so you're talking about like a day or two of concepting yeah i don't know i have to talk to her okay yeah so just make sure you run it through ariel because ariel can just go and or kai like they've already you know they dealt with lunch's contract so it should get done pretty well i i do kyle tell you i i i go through him for
[3510.9s - 3520.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: everything i would everything i go through kai okay um so yeah no that's it that's it um and
[3520.5s - 3886.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: then ian like i said i'll give you this this thing. If these guys don't do anything. You got it. Did Damon back next to you? No, he still has one more week to go. Yeah, two weeks is pretty quick for a newborn. the u.s is the u.s is uh interesting about this stuff but yeah yeah like france you get like six months or something well yeah um look so i uh just so you know mark like scott went down down the list because you haven't been in the partnerships meetings. But a quick update on the other tokens. Yeah, sorry, I've just been busy on this stuff. No, no, it's good. That's what I was wanting. Oh, if I can make it, I will, yeah. A very, very quick update on where the other tokens are sitting. So the Mew team wants to do something, but they're a few hundred million market caps, so I don't think it's a priority for us to go and, like, you know, go figure out a bunch of games for them. But we'll do something with them. And then the ones that I really have asked them to focus on, because some of the smaller ones, like we're in a chat with the peanut guy and we're in a chat with Mew and Mew is, but Bonk said that they want to do it. Remember when I met with Nom and Acceler and accelerate or whatever and now we just need to get so we sent them a proposal and then um i just chatted with nom today and he said he's gonna get back to us on um feedback so like that's moving forward and then um we have this intro to a fart coin guy but like he they had a chat and it seemed positive this guy runs like the whales group for fart coin and then like that's hopefully moving forward but my take is like if you go down the list and you look at all these other ones when you start looking at like peanut and stuff there's nothing we can do with peanut that even gets to one one hundredth of the impact of just getting bonk and fart coin right so if obviously i'm working on trump but but like these things are if you look at the top list and you don't pay attention to market cap it kind of seems like these things are similar but they're not they're not similar at all once you look at market cap and basically like my take is that um we have this the sole stuff you're doing and then i think we have jupiter which is a layup because um because that team already like you hung out with me again or sorry, me out again yesterday and they just want to do whatever it takes to make us successful. So they'll do it. So we could do Jupiter and Solana. That would be huge. And then the other ones that we could do that are meme coins would be Bonk and Farcoin that are as big as Trump. And then every other meme coin after that, like even Giga is much smaller than than art coin or bonk bonk is huge right and um but i think bonk basically just gets us to captivate the whole solana ecosystem it's not going to go anywhere outside of solana really yeah but fart coin could be one that if we if we do and it's big like could actually get mainstream press because it'll just be ridiculous that there's games about farts um like we need to write about it all the time right they write about coin because they like making fun of crypto and if it's even better if if there is a game ecosystem around farts and part coin now they're like it's 100 going to get news coverage it may get more news coverage than the Trump one. So I think that, like, we should actually really focus on, for meme coins, three meme coins, it's just Trump, Bonk, and Fartcoin. And I think any of those three could be very, very huge. And then I think for the... We're launching with Giga, right? Like, that's... We are launching with Giga, but, like like it's just not so so as he's dug in more of the kols and stuff you gotta talk about it yeah it's not like once you get a couple people down there's just not a lot of these accounts are tiny that are associated with it and so tiger went to jail yeah tiger went to jail and then the other guys are there's not that many big ones there's like two or three big ones and then we're in touch with them and i'll have meetings next week but my point is like i don't giga done as well as we could do is is still probably not even um 120th as big as far coin right that's my take so like i know people care about giga in solana ecosystem but But doing farpoint right is worth 20 times more than doing giga right and so we we really have to prioritize like like that so my i guess my my point is like i feel like giga like you know those guys made some games and then we got like a couple other you throw your dune duke games in there like we talked about and we get to your time and we're fine we're done we're done it can launch and other people will make games for it because at that point like there's lots of giga fans so i'm sure it'll do fine and get a lot of games because it's easy to make games they are and people will do stuff so but the ones that we really want it like top tier launches tier one giga is not a tier one launch it's it's a tier two launch for sure tier one is is is soul j Jupiter, Bonk, Farcoin, and Trump. Those are all Tier 1 coins that could carry the entire ecosystem. Giga's not going to carry the whole ecosystem. No, no. So maybe that's, I guess, what I wanted to impart is just, instead of looking at it as just top lists, in terms of tiers tiers i would put all those in the same category like if we do a great job with any of those five soul jupiter trump um fart and and bonk they any individual one could make this entire protocol a success but then i don't think anything below that really really could make it a success by itself if you get like two two tier two launches that do really well then that could be enough to get to a pretty good place but i think that tier one category is just it's a whole flavor of its own it's like you're gonna really unlocks everything yeah we're gonna need like trump trump like trump and doge like they're very generic you can do whatever you want you can make can make a new video. It doesn't matter. There's no audience for Trump.
[3886.6s - 3887.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Doge, once you start
[3887.9s - 3889.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: getting into these coins, it's like...
[3889.9s - 3891.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: I'm just ignoring anything outside of Solana right now.
[3892.5s - 3893.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[3893.4s - 3895.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: When I'm saying tier one, I'm just talking about Solana.
[3895.5s - 3896.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: I want to be really focused on Solana.
[3897.4s - 3900.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: After you're done with
[3900.0s - 3902.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: Giga, I want you to just focus
[3902.0s - 3903.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: on BOMP and
[3903.7s - 3905.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: FART. Because FART is like there's no license
[3905.9s - 3907.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: required. So, you know,
[3907.8s - 3909.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: we're still talking to the BOMP team about how they want
[3926.3s - 3927.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: Thank you. giga i want you to just focus on well fart because fart is like there's no license required so you know we're still talking to the bonk team about how they want to handle the license um to do like you'll get blocked by like oh can we show their bonk dog or whatever versus just the general bonk dog and what you're gonna run into like some of the same waiting patterns that we have with trump which is figuring out what we're allowed to do and what we're not allowed to do.
[3928.5s - 3929.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: So Fartcoin is just free and clear.
[3930.6s - 3930.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Yeah, that's going to take some time.
[3932.9s - 3934.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: We need a banger.
[3936.6s - 3936.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: Do you remember that game we found?
[3939.9s - 3939.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: The game was like you're farting when things drive by on the street.
[3940.4s - 3940.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Oh, my God.
[3941.6s - 3941.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: I was just going to mention that.
[3942.1s - 3943.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Yeah.
[3944.0s - 3946.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: All right. Yeah, I was going to mention that.
[3946.6s - 3947.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: We've got to get that game.

============================================================
Processing Summary:
Total segments: 106
Enhanced segments: 0
Confidence threshold: 0.7
