Transcription for: 250602_1659_leads.mp3
Processed: 2025-06-04 10:26:48
============================================================

[0.0s - 86.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Hello Hello, hello, hello i can hear you now a little faintly but i can hear you all right hold on how i don't understand why it's low why why is it faint i don't know it just felt like you were distant but what about now no now it's fine i also just pump up the volume you know dude i i'm fucking losing my mind i have too much shit on my plate yeah i'm trying to get help anytime i ask for help i get my head ripped off the only person i can go to now i can't ask justin i'll try now watch he'll freak out so i'll just get no it's funny but like it's not now like i'm fucking stressed dude like fucking losing my mind it's too much shit like it's it's literally too much shit there's no engineers around like i can't
[86.4s - 91.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: i had this good working thing with damon but like he's gone so i have to learn i'm trying to learn
[91.2s - 96.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: all these flows and like how this wallet shit works and it's like i have no idea
[96.9s - 105.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: i don't do i don't how does a developer create a while we don't have documentation
[105.4s - 126.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: it says follow these three steps on one thing there's only one step there's no doc how am i supposed no i'm serious like it's fucked up and then there's all these games you gotta make i'm trying to switch vendors he won't let me switch vendors like it's just it's like putting on a hard mode for no reason. I don't understand. I'm freaking out, dude.
[127.8s - 128.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: It's like, it's just too much shit.
[129.2s - 131.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: It's just too much.
[131.9s - 135.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Yeah.
[138.6s - 140.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Yeah, I think that's a sentiment shared.
[141.8s - 197.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Just so much. Hey guys hello yeah all right so here is the list I intended to write but didn't get the time to for each developer. So Brees' priority is still Meteora integrations. He still has not received the answer or the functionality that he needs delivered. So in the meantime, he has moved to do other back-end stuff, particularly just indentifier configuration and how all that stuff is stored, and he's going to start on do the switch so that we can now do Solana as the quote token.
[197.4s - 206.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: I also walked him through the logic of how we need to be auto-swapping the trump for player rewards um so he'll be
[206.7s - 287.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: building that program as well any questions so far yeah um what's your take on when the the swaps for rewards happen do they happen all in back um before the claim during the claim i mean what's the plan uh we i mean we're gonna do it uh dynamically like over time but i we still haven't decided like how frequently that's gonna be like we still has to figure out all the internal logic first but okay who's who's deciding that i mean i'm waiting for him to tell me what's possible and then we figure out okay here are the parameters based on what parameters we have available i think we can swap it whenever we want right it's just a matter of costs and so i think you should okay um i just want to i just want to make sure he's not sp his wheels on like not having clear direction no what i need what i want to do is think i mean i'm i'm sure there's probably already a solution um but we got to come up with a system that optimizes the number of transactions versus you know the amount the cost of those transactions uh with the risk of price going up and down.
[288.7s - 288.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Right.
[289.4s - 292.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: The lowest cost is just going to be doing it all in one swap, right?
[293.0s - 294.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I mean, there's slippage, I guess.
[294.6s - 297.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: So that's the other form of cost.
[298.0s - 300.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: There's transaction costs and there's slippage.
[300.8s - 304.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: If we're really moving a lot, then slippage might start to matter.
[328.7s - 334.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: And then in the beginning, I think maybe it doesn't i don't know or maybe or maybe it is done yeah what i don't know if it's if it if it can just simply be done at transaction itself it's like um what like some money gets moved to the reward pool uh and immediately while it's getting moved to the reward pool and immediately while it's getting moved to the reward pool it is getting turned into Trump right then and there so that we don't have to
[334.4s - 342.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: collect you know Solana put it aside and then use it to to buy Trump at a specific point in time
[342.2s - 466.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I don't know which one of these two is possible but but those other two routes we can go and i want to see which one breeze can you know feels best with right because the way that breeze has it set up right now with these sort of 24 cent claims is that i don't get what he's saying about it's 0.0001 cents or whatever after the first plane because my sense was like a new ata would be created like again i guess it depends on if we just create one we're creating one on a wallet where we're signing these tokens i i would it'd be useful to understand more of this this mechanism and and like where the levers are because if we Obviously, we have the 24 site claim and the question is right back to what happened with um with 10k which is is this 24 cents rent or is this 24 cents paid yeah and and it doesn't seem like you know last time i brought this up like it didn't seem like we got to resolution on that's a very simple question should take about like 10 minutes to answer for someone Actually understands what we're doing Okay, i'll try to get uh to get more clarity and document that for you uh when i next talk to to breeze Yeah, the reason being is like if it's 24 cents paid And then and then the um people farming this end up getting less than 24 cents but we're going to have a lot of complaining um of course like we're going to do the the tiered well it sounds like you you kicked off the document on on the kyc and everything but then found that a lot of the solana station services were too too early for us to use but that doesn't mean that the plan is to just go out without um some sort of tiering it means probably we have to do some of it ourselves yes uh and i think we can do a lot of that with preview well for the social account and the the sms probably but not not necessarily i don't know
[466.4s - 474.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: can we do kyc for me no i don't think so that's the one that's that's that's out um but
[474.0s - 481.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: i'll i i'll spend some time looking at who can be a provider that we can just
[481.5s - 508.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: point okay click here or and start the start the kyc flow yeah my my sense on this was like thinking about it more rather than making like a system with multiple tiers well first of all we have to update the whole spec based on what we've learned because it's assuming a bunch of stuff that we are now feeling like we can't do um but i think there's something more simpler here, which is just, like, I think SMS is the real pinch.
[508.7s - 505.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Like, I don't think that anything that's gated by email, like an X account or, like we talked before, I don't think GitHub is any more secure than an X account. They have the same requirements for account creation. yeah so i think the the real first pinch point is sms only in the sense that
[505.4s - 606.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: it's harder depending on your country to a phone number than it is to get a social account, which anyone can do as many as they'd like. So from that perspective, SMS is the only first real practical gate at Sybil's. It's not an amazing gate, but it's the only one that works for real. So I think it's just you have to connect one of those social accounts plus SMS. But instead of being two tiers, that should just be one tier. Like, why separate them? In the sense that if someone can make unlimited – but here's the thing, Ian. If someone can make unlimited social accounts, you're not preventing a civil attack if you let them claim up to five dollars with the next account because they can make five million x accounts in fact a lot of the bot farms already have five million x accounts so you're not actually stopping them from signaling with that approach that makes sense yeah well then we'll just make one verified tier and and you can't claim your rewards until you've put your phone in there. That's going to, my, my, my concern was how many people are going to see that and simply say, I'm not even going to try. I don't know. So I figured, you know, if we can give away give away you know a small amount um then there's at
[606.5s - 614.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: least like okay there's there's no risk to to try um but i had not considered it from the other
[614.2s - 620.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: side which is yeah create a bunch of social accounts well the interesting thing here is
[620.4s - 624.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: it's kind of like this is my suspicion and i don't have any data to prove it but i just want to see
[624.4s - 629.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: if you agree or not which is my suspicion is that crypto twitter is obsessed with privacy
[686.0s - 686.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Thank you. Eric, this is my suspicion, and I don't have any data to prove it, but I just want to see if you agree or not, which is my suspicion is that crypto Twitter is obsessed with privacy and claims to hate all KYC and all this stuff. The evidence is that everyone participated in Frontech, which required a phone number to use. So the evidence is that actually everybody was willing to do this. It led to bad outcomes because people got SIM swap and stuff. But the evidence is that if the meta is, if the game is interesting enough, people will do it. Now, I have another belief, which is, like, regular players don't care. They throw in their phone number into, like, every single random mobile app that they come into contact with. So for normies, I think, like, actually, this is, like like it's friction but it's it's pretty low friction and they're expected to do it all over the internet and they're basically used to it and it's really the crypto native people who are kind of like they whine about this so that's my take on it like i don't think sms is asking too much in the sense that it's like blanket.
[925.5s - 931.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I mean, you can't even use, like, any Gen Z social app without throwing in your phone number, right? Yeah, that's a fair point. Okay, I'll make that change, and it'll just be a single tier, verified or not. People that are not verified can't claim rewards. Yeah. And, like, we should think of, and I will look at kyc options and the question is what number is it that we like hey if we if you're earning more than one thousand dollars is it five hundred dollars is it like what's that number um i'll ask stephanie and see if she has any guidance um well it's not like so it's not a legal question because this is all happening the way that this is supposed to be structured is such that we're not a money transmitter so we're not doing kyc to protect ourselves on a money transmitter side we're doing kyc to prevent civil attacks the way that our tech is supposed to be architected is such that we don't have money transmitter risk so we're not doing kyc to to cover our ass on money transmitter risk so my point is like i don't think it's a stephanie question but but and by the way i don't think she'd have any idea anyway i think you'd have to involve benwick but i don't think i don't think this is uh the question is what what do we think um there's going to be some amount of people who have bot farms that are attached to sms numbers too and it's just much it's just far fewer bots that they could command versus their armies of of x bots and so the question is like at what point everything is that's also civilable so it's just like what do we want to limit them to so that they can only extract so much money because they're going to civil that they're going to civil if they can civil it they will civil it so they will civil that and then the question is what do you want to limit them to and if it's a thousand dollars then it's way too high yeah you've already lost it can be like the other tier original is five dollars which i still think it means a lot for for a venezuelan and what the way to think about it is not the legal thing it's the cost of getting a number so if if the cost of getting and maintaining a number is cheaper then then whatever you're allowing them to extract then they'll go do it if you make it a hundred dollars then it's it's definitely cheaper in most markets to get another cell phone number than a hundred dollars um and so or maintaining and getting one is cheaper than a hundred dollars so they'll just go get another one and and run the bot farm because it's profitable yeah but so that's the actual equation is like where does it not become profitable to to maintain and and do this or it's like barely profitable so it's probably just a couple dollars to be honest with you per day all right i mean then let's be you know let's be clear like you can depart like withdraw one dollar like if it's between two and one it's it's just well yeah two one dollar sounds crazy if we're if we're charging you 24 cents to claim right so so this is kind of what i was getting back to is like we need to understand the whole the whole thing here of like claim costs to um to to like we're blocking people if someone comes so the way the way the current system works kian is is a dollar per day right so what if i didn't claim for four days do i and it was if it was a dollar every day then then on that fourth day am i able to claim all four dollars like you would only claim the one and you have 26 days to to get the other three dollars from the previous days right so so it's literally just the daily limit so yeah i mean i think i think we have to do we have to require a number plan really like anything. And the reason for doing that is we're just going to, we have to believe that more rewards will go in the hands of more real people. The trade off we're making is that we'll get less traffic. yeah there'll be a lot less traffic but there will be a far fewer bots so but the money will go into the hands of people who are more real so that's the trade we're saying we'll get a hundred
[931.5s - 1247.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: times less traffic but the traffic will be like a hundred times more real yeah so that's the difference and i think that that's the right trade because i don't think anyone's gonna really high five us for having like a million fake users everyone understands that stuff now i agree okay so i'll i'll do the the research and come up with some uh recommendations um we can look at that tomorrow um yeah anyway if it's $5 a day, we can start. You know, $5 sounds... $1 does sound kind of pitiful, but it might have to be where it goes. But it's definitely less than $5. $1 sounds crazy with $0.24 transaction costs. Because if we're forcing people to do this daily, then the trend because the reason i asked about the limit is it's related to the transaction costs in the sense that um if people if people were willing are able to wait to claim for weeks then they can build up a very large balance and claim it all at once but if we're only limiting them to one dollar per claim well then it doesn't matter how long they wait for it to build up that 24 cents is going to eat into their one dollar no matter what so that's the the consequence of this that we didn't talk through at all last time i mean i view it as a feature not a bug. Like, it's a built-in retention mechanic. Yeah, potentially. I mean, I agree with that. But, like, the way that I would approach, or normally a lot of people would approach this, is there would be some stored balance. There is some stored balance that people are building up in their account of points. And they're thinking, I don't really feel like claiming a dollar and getting paying 24 cents so i'm just going to wait until it's a hundred dollars and then i'll claim it for 24 cents and if you if you limit people to like five dollars then they can't do that right so um they will well they can but they have to they have to kyc so i think the biggest thing to figure out is to work with privy to figure out what is the easiest way to kyc that doesn't rely on this like alpha uh solana at the station stuff and then yeah it's basically sms for the for the first limit there's just two tiers there's you're either you can't claim until you sms or and once you sms there's there's a small daily limit not for that it's full-on kyc and then you're unlimited yeah and then i think we have to like i think and if you guys disagree with me i really want you to tell me um other users will understand this. The KYC part's a bitch. Like, that's a totally separate thing. I have a lot of trouble with KYC because I live in Japan. It causes all sorts of problems for me. But most people, I realize I'm an edge case. Like, most people that live in the country, they were born or are a citizen of or whatever. Like, it basically works. They just don't like doing it. Mine, it's like, I can't do it because I'm coming from a Japanese IP. It's asking me for these docs, and then I show them these other docs, and then I get stuck in these weird situations where, like, they literally won't let me. So, but my sense is, like, it's the only way to actually build a working product. And that people are going to complain on the timeline, but those people aren't representative of, like, normal people at all. And if you go look at Pi, which is that token that's in the top 25 now for mobile mining, they require you to hard KYC to get any of your PI tokens and people from all around the world do it because they're getting paid. So they put up with it and they're not crypto Twitter people who, who think KYC is the devil. Yeah. So all good points, I'll update the spec so we can move forward on that. Do you want to get back to Kai and Karls? What specifically, this is not a week's worth of work for Breeze, so what else is he working on? Let me look at his list. What else is he working on? He's got to finalize the distributor admin configuration for production. He needs basically to finish
[1247.2s - 1254.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: the implementation and then test it. He just finished the design. We got to set
[1254.6s - 1271.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: up the multi-sig base production. Actually I should about that one.
[1278.0s - 1347.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Which also means that... Is it me or is the dot not show? Oh, I'm not sure, oh, I'm not going to borrow it. Hold it now, guys. Yeah, like, those are all the hard things that I have for him, which means we can redirect him towards, well, I was going to try and give the claim flow to Carl's as a project that would mean frontend and backend, but this is also something that we can hand off to Breeze. And, like, basically, like, Carl's is going to have the EditFlow API endpoint and the game code holder rewards, like all that is going to have a front end and a back end. And I figured he would also do that. So I don't know. Were you able to finish the UI for that? Because the UI soft soft from v was like really really not done no i still
[1347.4s - 1671.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: gotta i still gotta get it get it over the finish line but i still have a day or two before that because carl's has other stuff in front of that can you get him the like an updated version today because it's i'm looking at his version is like less than placeholders yeah yes I gave I already gave V the the information so I can like I can mock something up for Carl's to implement if V doesn't get it done fast enough no V created something based on what you gave him it It's just missing a ton. Yeah, and and it needed to be updated so I so that's what I'm saying like I gave them to him and the design of that model will now be different because it will account for the different milestones like the snapshots are going to be taken on this and this and this and this and like a little progress bar so that it shows how long ago did it graduate and how long it's got left and all that stuff. okay can you also mock up the the ui for what we talked about which is like some threshold to launch a coin so i sent a bunch of messages over the weekend i wanted to make sure we talked about that uh sure i can i can uh give it a look and try and mock something up overnight yeah so basically where I'm at on this is we can always let the Deployer wallet launch anything. That's fine. If you launch the original token, you should just be able to launch a game coin whenever you want without any requirements to your coin. It's up to you. And you probably have the socials and the means necessary to promote it um and it's coming from the deployer wallet so if your tokens if people are watching your token and they're watching your wallet and they're going to be paying attention to anything that launches from it so should benefit from that too um the question is really how we do community launches and the more i've talked to more of these teams the more i've realized that like we're not gonna we we want a lot of token launches and we want them happening without our permission but we need them happening in a way where they actually can succeed and we're doing all this networking into like who are the kols for each token and who are the teams and we're actually meeting a lot of the the top teams but then there's like this next steps part and it gets really it's it's it's we're now understanding how much work it is like basically we've been so focused on trump the last uh couple of months that we haven't spent as much time like lighting up 10 different token communities and now that we've done the first legwork of that i'm realizing like it's not something that scott is going to be able to do at scale at all um and so this idea of limiting it to certain low market cap tokens doesn't solve a problem at all that we need a solution where like basically communities can come in that solves for the the moral high ground issue which is like how do we look a community creator in the eye and tell them hey your game coin was launched but your community wanted it that's the first thing your community wanted it so i mentioned top holders being one way to do that but top holders isn't really great it's not really like a viral mechanic it just it just basically makes it so that someone who has big bags and wants it to launch can do it But it doesn't solve the problem of how we say, hey, the community was behind this and how we actually get the community behind it. So the idea is pretty simple, which is people who hold the token, the original token, can come and vote to launch the game coin. But it's not like a vote yes or no with some definite time period. It's just it's just that they they speak and vote and then it's it's not like a vote yes or no with like some definite time period. It's just, it's just that they, they stake and vote. And then it's, it's basically, and it has to be a staked vote so that they can't manipulate it. And, and that's, and if it gets to a certain threshold, then the game coin launches. So we have to figure out, you know, who launches the game game coin like which wallet specifically in this flow because like say the last person comes that puts it over the threshold or are they the launcher do they not want to be the launcher can anyone now come launch it now that the threshold has been met any random person that wants to come hit the button can hit the button um we have to talk through that part but the basic idea is like we can go out in this form and then anything that launches will have hit a threshold where say it's five percent of the original token said they want to launch it then they can actually do some groundwork to tell each other about this thing to try to get it above five percent um so that it be markets it so that they already know about it and that when it comes out they're all prepared to to actually like push it and talk about it um so what i'm trying to do is automate the coordination around the launch so that these game coins can be successful without us ever getting involved yeah i'll have to give that uh i'll have to give that some thought to come up with something that feels easy to do for everyone and explains all that well. I don't think that I can do that tonight simply because at some point like I really do need
[1671.0s - 1785.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: to go look at that sink like so far like all we've done is like patch like literally cover it with plastic but the water is shut off to that and I like we need a kitchen sink um but but, but I'll make that a priority and put a design together. Okay, so yeah, the UI is pretty simple. It's basically where the bonding curve progress bar is in that same spot. You basically have a a vote progress and then you'd explain it in one line right there and then instead of launch the coin you wouldn't have a launch coin button you'd have like a vote the launch button instead so you'd swap out that button in this phase okay and then when you click that button you you have more room to explain to people what voting means so you don't need to put all the explanation on the previous bonding curve the progress bar area so when you click vote to launch uh bonk game coin it's like oh you need to use your bonk to vote for this and when it gets to five percent then the game coin will be launchable and then the incentive is what i said in our group chat which is we have 20 points held back for reward claims now for the original holders but you would very heavily reward the people who who voted um to launch the game coin so this is essentially a way for them to get a free option
[1782.4s - 1784.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: on this token so that's how you get this community to come around and do this because it's it's like i i mentioned once hey maybe we double their airdrop but i actually think that's way too weak of an incentive the incentive i said after which i think is a lot better is that they um for every like basically they're getting
[1784.1s - 1786.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: five
[1786.3s - 1985.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: points of the 20 points for that reward claim is it's just only for the voters so if the threshold for the to vote the game coin into launching is five percent of bonk then essentially they're receiving one-to-one ownership of the game coin for the people who voted and they're receiving it for free so this just becomes a really compelling reason that like communities should go and launch these so hang on let me see let me let me see if i got that uh right voting uh gives you basically we we currently have a 20 stake uh held for game coin for base coin holders yeah but we break it up into two so you'd say five percent goes to voters we would we'd break it out so it's easiest to explain if you if you separate it so we'd say five percent goes to um game coin voters or not you'd have to come up with the right name for it but like people who voted to launch the game coin the game coin launchers you could call them something like that um and then and then 15 points just goes to all all bonk holders and so if you require a five percent threshold of bonk votes and then there's five percent reserve just for the bonk coin launchers then that means that those people are getting a lot of a lot of token yeah and and i think that that's the right set of incentives because like basically you want to give them they're not necessarily needing to buy into the bonding curve but this gives them like a very good entry price it's free but they'll own a lot like way more than the people who sit don't do anything and then later come claim because you have they can participate in both claims this is true they can participate in both claims. Question. Edge case. I assume that if a user votes on Tuesday, sells all his balance on Wednesday, he will not get either of the rewards. They not only have to have voted, they need to have held the coin at the moment of snapshot yeah yes okay all right they need to have held it to the period through the period of launch and claim yeah and everything just like the other ones get split into five twenty percent drops 5 5 20% drops, what do you mean by that? The game coin? Oh, the locking time? Yes, yeah, basically when they can claim it, yep. Cool, so they get 20 at graduation and every month afterwards they get 20 20. yeah maybe you call
[1985.8s - 2007.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: them launchers that would be like a easy because what i don't want to do is confuse the voting for this with the voting for the games because we already have a voting concept going on and like i feel like if we mix the two it's going to be confusing yeah yeah become a bonk game coin launcher it's like when five percent of of bonk bonk holders
[2007.9s - 2014.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: become launchers um and that really gets that idea across as they're like launching it together
[2014.5s - 2019.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: then the launchers there's a launcher claim pool that's five percent which is awesome
[2019.4s - 2025.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: they make a bunch of money um and then there's the 15 bonk community pool
[2066.5s - 2068.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: All right, let's go. of money. And then there's the 15% bonk community pool. Cool, so we have our way forward on that. I will update the spec. Anything else before I continue? No, what do you think of that mechanism in general i think it works um i i i mean i think that i i worry about the colds about you know cold starting the pump in the sense that we have to make sure that we get enough airtime or whatever exposure to the holders of Trump, to the holders of GIGA, or whatever, so that they will want to come in and vote. and I think we can arrange it so that the first few coins because we're already talking to a bunch of KOLs
[2068.4s - 2328.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: but I do worry about that for once the initial euphoria has died down, it's like how do we get new communities to hear about this, and then they would come in, or do we not care, because it's just like people will learn when they hear the first story. we do care so so my hope is that's why i want to understand from you and my hope is that this is the mechanism that does that basically i think on the ui side all mechanisms in crypto on the ui side are pretty weak so like adding a share button is like fine go ahead but it's not going to do anything um the real thing is just incentives and so my my hope is that by saying that you have to get to a five percent threshold if you are one of those voters you own a lot of the game coin and you didn't have to spend anything to get it so like it's a very very compelling thing to do it's a very selfishly compelling thing to do it's not like you have to be interested in bonk coin governance to want to do this you just have to have seen to your point one of the other ones that we made successful do really well and then you're like wait a second i can go get a bunch of free allocation in these other ones you would a selfish trader their reaction should be that this is easy enough to understand that they're just like i'm going to become a launcher on every meme coin i own and i'm going to go buy and i'm just going to go vote to launch all these things um because it's it's a ton of allocation that you get this is the cheapest way to get allocation in these these launches by far because five points for five points is crazy and they're going to own one-to-one parada share of of the game coin right if they if they are launcher yeah it's crazy if you own one percent of bond coin you're going to own one percent of the game coin and you didn't pay anything for it so it's crazy if you own one percent of all coin you're going to own one percent of the game coin and you didn't pay anything for it so it's it's like the equivalent of them being able to buy into the bonding curve so what i'd expect the problem with this approach would be you'd get a bunch of arbitrizes where people just went and bought up these meme coins and then became a launcher just because this is like one of the most cost-effective ways to get exposure to the game points that i think we have the opposite problem if there's a trade people are going to do it in crypto right there's a trade so yeah and the trade the trade here would be if you're really bullish on game, you go around buying the top meme coins, and then you become a launcher on those. Which I think is fine. Like, we don't care. As long as there's some real community coming in. I mean, you could restrict it, people held it, but it just gets really complicated. So, but my hope here is this solves the cold start problem because the incentives are so strong that people should tell all their friends in the community to do this because they get such strong exposure. And then 5% is enough where you must have gotten at least hundreds of people involved unless you just suddenly had, like, you know, a few massive holders talking about long tail stuff i'm talking about like top few hundred points where there's actually you know thousands of holders yeah um you had to at least get a couple hundred people involved to get to the to the to the point where you can launch it and then when you do launch it that's enough people that then those people can go and tell everybody else that there's like an airdrop of the broader claim happening so if if you don't think that this would do that then we should modify it until you think it would because that's the problem i'm trying to solve with this is like basically making it so the incentives do the marketing for us i think the incentives are are i think the incentives work um as long as as long as the story gets out there where where the right people will see it i think the system itself works yeah and we know the wrong people will see it so it has to be good enough that if the right people see it it works and that if when the wrong people try to mess with it they don't um totally ruin it so that's where like i mean we could
[2328.9s - 2321.0s] Unknown Speaker: increase the threshold later and that would make that more difficult but five percent seems like a good place to start.
[2323.8s - 2324.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Yeah.
[2333.3s - 2349.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: All right. Yeah.
[2350.1s - 2351.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: All right.
[2353.3s - 2353.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: I just made a couple of notes.
[2354.0s - 2354.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Okay.
[2356.2s - 2356.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: We can get to the other stuff now.
[2360.0s - 2361.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: I want to spend a lot of time on these things because I realize more and more, this is where all the leverage is.
[2362.1s - 2465.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: If you look at virtuals and what they've done over it, they a comeback and it's all around figuring out the right incentives and their ui sucks and their website barely works and it's getting worse by the day but their incentives are getting better by the hour and then they it works so i'm just realizing like i'm trying to spend less time stressing about ui because that's our tendency because we're all spending so much time at Web2 and more time really making sure we get these things right. Yeah, that's fair. I'll make sure to think about it a little more myself. Okay, let's talk about Kai this week week he's got to finish that uh points logic the that you know for for how that works he's he's got the save part done um it's the get part that he has still got left to do there's one more piece to that can you add a bullet point yeah um so it's uh player id logic is the part where we needed to talk about where that's where i was you know remember it was like it's either a or b so a is we put the responsibility on developers to write their code yeah the player that's the player id logic so if game has player id then do this if player if game does not have player id then do that that's missing um and he just realized that because i had those guys on the side hook this up over the weekend and that's what we discovered so that is something we have to figure out that's what's going to take half a day. It's the player ID logic.
[2468.3s - 2468.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: It shouldn't be something that the devs have to write.
[2471.1s - 2471.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_02: If it's going to be a part of every integration, we should write it.
[2475.6s - 2475.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: The rule of thumb is if it's something that's part of every integration,
[2478.2s - 2478.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: then it belongs on something that we take care of.
[2479.1s - 2485.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Right. The only thing that they should ever write is something that's like requires their own unique implementation
[2485.8s - 2489.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: but this sounds like everybody is affected by it everybody is affected by it
[2491.7s - 2495.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: yeah so we should take care of it for them otherwise it just makes the trade-off would
[2495.3s - 2501.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: be making saving kaya half a day to make all the other developers confused and you know lose some
[2501.0s - 2609.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: of them and whatever right this doesn't make sense. Well, I agree. I agree. Alright, and then that's where we're gonna go. Alright, um, so he's gonna take care of the developer the developer stuff, and then he goes back to the stake, we feel pretty confident that he can do this before the end of the week. He's already started and is halfway through making sure that he will pick up the stake token balance and rewards balance, he just needs to get the final addresses. He needs to do the logic to estimate the daily yield in the UI and report that number. And we need the logic so that the rewards become calculated correctly after a user has staked or unstake and how that all is handled. And there's this small piece that he needs to do that I don't understand the details to help Breeze finish the token launch flow. Questions on Kai? Okay, so all this stuff is really just for today uh i don't today and tomorrow really i mean like nothing this this it overlaps a lot with the list he gave for stuff he was going to get done yesterday there's not there's not four days of work here okay then we can put him on voting or claim uh actually probably claim which
[2609.2s - 2965.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: is easier for him and we can give voting i'll have to break that down with him um to carls Okay, and then what what, what do we, so, Ian, what day is the vertical slice landing on this, this, um, mystical vertical slice we've been talking about since February? Um, if we get this claiming, uh, staking and voting done to this week, we'll be done this week for everything that that was the vertical slice and you put a date on it and get everybody rallied around it uh i will put a date on it i'll talk and get everybody rallied around it yes like what if i said everybody was fired if it didn't happen by friday like would we would get it done right like what is it what it seems like it's a lack of clarity that's making it not happen now more than a lack of ability or staffing like so what is the best way to get everybody to just you know my my point is like what is the best way to get people to make the trade-offs necessary to just get it get it done because i i guarantee like if everybody's job was on the line by friday they would get it done not necessarily by working harder but by just not doing a bunch of other dumb things that aren't the priority can't we agree on that like if i do if everybody's job was on the line for friday i think 100 chances would get done and i just think it's never like it's never the priority staking is always like four down kai's list and then there's all this other stuff and do you know what i mean yes and and yet last time we were here we talked hey we want to let kai spend half a day on blocking developers and that's why he didn't get a whole lot done yesterday for the state yeah i get that but his tendency and everyone's tendency so here's what i've noticed with the engineering team i spent a lot of time with carlos on this too now that he's getting in the back end is that really what's happening and the reason we haven't shipped anything yet is that we have a bunch of engineers who are very uncomfortable and unfamiliar with crypto and they just don't understand like 90 of what's going on in the crypto side of things and so what they've been doing is dancing around building everything but that part and the reason that actually none of this other stuff is done is because they're just like going in circles working on everything that's easy to them and none of the parts that are hard to them and that dance will continue until someone puts a gun to their head because like none of it is actually that hard it's just very uncomfortable and so the reason kai is like oh yeah i'll go back to apis i'll go back to working on points i'll go back to working on this thing and carlos wants to retreat in ui land is because none of this touches the stuff that makes them feel dumb and want to slam their head on their desk that's why it's avoidance so so my point is like at some point what it took was like me dragging carless like kicking and screaming to go work on the the back end because i've been asking to do it for a year and and it just took like a you know like a huge sort of confrontation to make it happen and then he did he's like oh i get it now i'm in here and this is good um but that same thing has to happen on the crypto side which is what i'm hearing from kai is like there's all this stuff i can't touch because santos is out and then what i hear from carlos every day is i can't touch that because kai does that stuff but like they're all engineers and so what really is happening is everybody's pointing at the crypto part saying oh i don't get that because we don't have a crypto engineer on our team. And Brees dove in and wrote the smart contracts. But everybody else is just like it's like a hot potato of just avoiding these things that they don't understand. And so what that requires is like a lot of uncomfortable focus on the part that people don't understand to just get it done because the amount of work is actually not huge it's just extremely unknown and uncomfortable and so everyone will just constantly retreat to the the parts where they they get it and we'll never actually build the thing because we'll just continue to go in circles on the parts we understand while never building the one part that's not huge but it's just scary. That's kind of the mode that we've been in. Okay, then what I would suggest is that we actually make, you know, the spike on these crypto features a specific task, and by the end of it, the delivery is we need to have an understanding and a full breakdown of how things can implement it. Which in other words means we have to give them the explicit permission to spend time doing that. But it's been on their list for months so it's not that they haven't had permission of bullshit. It's that they they've been retreating into what makes them, it's a common form of procrastination when you have the most important thing on your list is the thing you never do and that's been that's the most common form of procrastination is you load up a list with bullshit and you keep doing the bullshit while you you keep the thing that you're really scared of on the bottom look um this is that's the high level diagnosis i want to make sure that we do it right in the future. I didn't control how Damon did things in the past. I am now here. If you're asking me how I would do it, that's how I would do it. Well, what I'm saying is, I guess where I agree with you that we make it the focus, what I don't agree on is saying that you learn by doing, not by researching. And so my point is, Brees learned how to write smart contracts
[2965.9s - 2967.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: by writing smart contracts.
[2968.2s - 2970.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: And Kai and Carlos are going to learn
[2970.4s - 2971.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: how to do crypto stuff
[2971.4s - 2972.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: by banging their head against the wall.
[2973.0s - 2974.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: And in all fairness,
[2974.3s - 2975.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Carlos has learned a lot
[2975.2s - 2975.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: over the last few weeks
[2975.9s - 2976.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: messing with these APIs.
[2977.6s - 2979.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: But my point is this,
[2979.2s - 2979.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: which is like,
[2980.3s - 2981.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: given the choice,
[2981.8s - 2983.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: they're always going to pick the other thing.
[2984.3s - 2985.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Always, always.
[2985.1s - 2986.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: And so it would mean
[2986.9s - 2989.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: taking things off their list
[3006.6s - 3130.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Let's get started. given the choice they're always going to pick the other thing always always and so it would remain it would mean taking things off their list and the only time i've ever gotten kai to do things that makes him feel dumb is when i tell him i'm taking off every other thing on his list and so and he's he's the one that's like the linchpin for for a good piece of these things and um i think like if the other things are at stopping point where like the sdk stuff once that gets to something that you feel like is a stopping point rather than adding any more scope on any of that stuff i think he just needs to really go work on crypto basically that's i mean at least from this shape of things that is this assessment like here because here's where i'm at i'm looking at the dashboard and like none of the token stuff is real the back end is still like kind of like a fake database thing because that's the stuff they felt comfortable building and then i looked through some of the code with carlos and there's like tons and tons of back end code but none of it is is touching really the crypto side yet briefs built the smart contracts but the whole layer of like smart contract interaction with with the back end is seems like it's it's been really just kind of left untouched or like very undeveloped and so really that's the part that's missing for us to get to the vertical slice and so i guess what i'm saying is like if if we can get really clear on what exactly it is we want it done and when we want it done then i actually think it's not that much work but if we continue to do like the longer lists probably what we get is it's not done before damon gets back that's my that's my assessment okay um then we get them to work on the blockchain stuff. We take all of this other stuff, well save and get points, all of this is staking, all of this gets done claim flow not as much there's like that there is
[3130.2s - 3134.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: less of a blockchain stuff so we just let him focus on staking get staking done
[3134.9s - 3140.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: once when he finishes that then i tell him immediately okay this is your next thing
[3140.0s - 3145.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: and i'm yeah i like your idea of giving claim flow to to maybe breeze or something if you're
[3145.6s - 3149.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: saying breeze is finishing up with this other stuff because kai really needs to focus on this
[3145.6s - 3265.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Thank you. and um yeah i like your idea of giving claim flow to to maybe breeze or something if you're saying breeze is finishing up with this other stuff because kai really needs to focus on this staking and voting piece like until we have that none things, this is it. is it but like these are the things that you focus on. Token launch flow, back end. Yeah, basically, Kai's been setting the pace for the project because, like, many of the core things have been on his plate and they've been getting done sequentially. But then there's new things that always pop up before these core sequential parts. and so I want to get Carlos, because Carlos is on the point with the UI where there's improvements that we have that I continue to make with V. And I don't even really care if those improvements get in, because I'm looking at the virtual's UI, and they're over a billion dollars again on their token, and their UI is godi is god awful and and what it tells me is like there's some things that we really need to get out but we're not going to have to compete in some of the places where we're spinning our wheels and i mean there's some parts of the ui that we had to get right but it's like we're going to hit diminishing returns really or already are hitting diminishing returns on a lot of it we need to get the claim flow and we need to get the fatuian and then it's basically shippable that's that's where i'm at there are a lot of other things i'd like to change on it if we were just to kind of go and say hey let's go spend more and more time on the ui but but if carlos is able to make progress on the other key parts that are that are blocked and that kai never gets to because he's always got three things ahead of the thing that we really need to get done
[3265.6s - 3290.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Then then that's what we need to do is split up those other things and get it get it on somebody else's plate so that we're We're finally at a vertical slice. So I guess I would just like Reallocate the work so that the vertical slice happens for sure this week no matter what Okay And now Kai is our sorry carlos is um integrated with the back end
[3290.5s - 3296.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: and has kai here for the week to work with him on this stuff whereas next week there will be
[3296.3s - 3304.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: no one from the back end side because kai is out and santosh will still be out so that's why my
[3304.2s - 3309.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: concern is is that if kai leaves on friday and he has not finished this stuff the next week is
[3408.8s - 3412.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Thank you. Cause Kai is out and Santosh will still be out. So that's why my concern is, is that if Kai leaves on Friday and he has not finished this stuff, the next week is also fucked. So I want the vertical slice to be done this week, no matter what. Okay. We can live without Santosh and Kai next week. And if, if Kai and, or if carlos and brice have made enough progress working with kai on the back end to actually understand how to continue to make progress when santosh and kai is gone but if carlos and brice are just totally confused and unable to to keep in mind brice wrote the back end for our telegram clicker he can do it he wrote the smart contracts and he writesend code all the time, so he's full stack. But he doesn't know the back end that Kai wrote or that Santosh wrote. And Carlos, he can figure it out. He can figure out the back end. He's in there, so he just needs assistance. So this is the week where the back end vertical slice has to land, and Brees and Carlos need to be able to carry the torch next week. That's the biggest thing. Okay, so, yeah, I'll redirect them. I'll tell them finish the task that you're on as soon as you can, and when that's done, just focus on getting the bolded stuff done before the end of the week. Well, can you definex for the vertical slice like really really clearly um like all the things that need to work in the dashboard this thing needs to be showing the real rewards number these votes need to be real these user counts need to be real because none of that stuff is in there okay because if you don't you won't't get it yeah okay I'll do that and walk the engineers through the whole thing
[3415.7s - 3465.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Okay. Okay. okay um cool yeah i'm excited like this is yeah i i really do get the sense that um that like if we can get carlos and and breeze up to speed on the back end this week week with Kai and they actually complete the back end side of the vertical slice, then we're going to be really close to shipping. So that's just the main thing that needs to happen. And then I'm happy to trade off, like, UI progress on random things to have Carlos spend more time on that. But he wouldn't be able to do it next week if if
[3465.4s - 3707.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: kai's not here if he doesn't work with him on it this week because he'll never be able to understand what's going on yeah i have a question before you go it's about something prior i don't want to change topics go for it oh so i was really thinking about this whole game coin launcher people i think maybe i know you're saying to work on it what would so this is kind of like it gives everybody the op this i think it's a big deal that's why i was just racking my brain with it like imagining i'm on the feed and i see this thing and i see some guy that i follow right and he's trying to convince because this gives everybody the opportunity to do the whole like quote-unquote cto thing because previously without our platform in order to do a cto you really need to be powerful like you need to be a whale you have to have influence you have to have all this stuff but this allows people who don't have that to do this so what would be like these guys on the feed or whatever you want to call what would be their like one line like what's their like rally cry like what's what is it that they're saying to their their followers like hey let's launch a game coin but we're going to launch a game coin so we can have our token price goes up i mean it's pretty dumb that's just what it is right yeah but the point is we don't yeah so what is the what are you looking to or what why i don't guess what the messages are because they're talking about like how do you explain like the five percent and like you know we got to get it to this and we need enough people to launch we need enough bonk holders to go launch the game coin right vote that's it's there's nothing more to it everyone who votes gets a big allocation of the game coin that's that one okay yeah a number go up you get more number and and everybody go do the thing like it's pretty it should be that simple is your concern that it's too complicated no no no i want to make sure that there wasn't anything so it's like hey come do this thing guys you know you all the token holders that allows you to vote uh you know the five percent and it gives you a big allocation on it for for the airdrop i mean do they mention this or yeah so the launchers get five percent of the game coin would be what they would say it's like it's almost like a double pre-allocation get in early come everybody in bonk gets gets allocation but launchers get more right yeah that should be pretty simple to message and then i think this is why i think the incentives have to be right is because this is going to happen in so many places that if we do the incentives correctly like we don't need to decide on the messaging they're going to go scheme well you don't get the incentives right then the message the messaging doesn't happen but if you get incentives right, then they go scheme. And as long as it's simple enough to explain, the incentives have to be simple and compelling. Yeah, because at that point, there is no message. The message is the incentive itself. And that's it. Because that's what it comes down to. So they don't need to fluff it up. That's all they care about at the end of the day, especially now. There's no more NFT, wag me, vibes me vibes based stuff anymore it's just like if it doesn't make you money no one's doing it yeah but the point is like the the dev wallet can come in and like launch this thing while these votes are accumulating too so if the bonk team is like hey like what the heck this and i guess um ian the the question would be what to do in that circumstance so that's an edge case we didn't talk about which is like what if the bonk dev wallet is like wow this got to three percent it looks like it's going to get to five percent let's just launch it ourselves um you know what happens in that case like does the dev wallet get the remaining two percent seems like the easiest thing to do yeah that's what makes sense to me it's like dev wallet gets five percent the launchers
[3707.5s - 3807.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: that way if you just call it the launchers or the launcher the launcher pool is five percent and if the dev wallet launches it then the dev wallet gets five percent and if if everyone votes to launch it then they all get that five percent Do we, do we need to to do we need to get these dev this contract uh developers do we need them to do anything after the token has launched the reason i ask is because that's you know we this is a this is an incentive that we can use right that's why that's why i wanted you to get the part done with the the gating on market cap for unlocks on when they get their token because that is the the way to make them make the token successful that's my my belief on that which is like the faster unlock because they're a claim we can control when they make their money whereas the other people who are not claims we can't and and so the traders are the traders and they just get to do whatever they want but these people that are from this community the launchers and the and the community are dropped they they get a faster unlock if the market cap goes up faster and so they're in a position to promote this thing and that's that's how they get their faster unlock they may get lucky and it may just go up without their help um and in which case they get their unlocks faster but if they want to make money then it's the same thing as the uh the boop um claims which is like you just make it so that they they make the market cap go up they get their
[3807.0s - 3811.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: unlock faster we don't really know what they did to make the market cap go up faster there's sort
[3811.7s - 3815.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: of a million things they could have done but all those things are good
[3815.4s - 3829.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: was there other stuff you were thinking at the end oh no because because we talked about like
[3865.1s - 3873.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Thank you. cool uh again was there other stuff you were thinking of in oh no because because we talked about like remember before we were thinking of these other incentives like months ago around having a number of games and all this stuff yeah but then we decided that if the market cap gets big then the reward for making the games goes so high that you're just going to have people making games, especially vibe-coded games, because it's just worth it. It's too much money just sitting there to not go and make games. For sure. So my thinking is the role of the community is not to go find game developers. The money finds game developers. The role of the community is to make sure that the money is enough to fund the game developers so that's my thinking about this it's a shelling point it's like this is a trading if you believe
[3873.3s - 3877.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: that giga chad games are good that's enough just make the number go up and then the developers
[3877.9s - 3883.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: will come and build giga chad games that's my my take on this so i don't want to give them more
[3883.7s - 3889.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: specific things they need to get done i just want them to to make number go up in the ways
[3885.0s - 3887.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Thank you. That's my my take on this. So I don't want to give them more specific Things they need to get done. I just want them to
[3887.8s - 3892.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: To make number go up in the ways that they can and then that will make the other parts come in and work
[3897.7s - 3899.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: Mean
[3904.2s - 3986.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Yeah, I mean ultimately good like we could come up with a bunch of of requirements for unlocking but all of those are component metrics one would say of market cap i agree and i think market cap is the pure one and i think market cap solves all problems if market cap goes up then you're comfortable doing unlocks because then people are selling into growth, which means they're not going to ruin the chart. If market cap goes up, you have more funding for developers, which means you're going to have more developers. If market cap goes up, you're going to have narratives form about how this game coin works. And then the community is actually going to start to adopt it and actually believe in it because number went up. Everything is downstream of number going up. And you don't really care. I don't think we should care how number goes up. And then a lot of the things that we thought before, we're like, oh, more games and all this stuff and more traffic. It's just it's it doesn't even make the number go up. It's not even it's not even the thing. But I think that what we need to start thinking about is our only real job actually is simpler, which is our job is not to drive traffic. That's what I thought it was a couple months ago. And I think it is in the end. Game developers want distribution, but everything is downstream of market cap. We will drive traffic if we have a high market cap on game coins. We will not drive traffic if we don't have a high market cap on game coins.
[3987.5s - 3991.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: So in some way, the only true north thing here is just figure out how to make number
[3991.9s - 3994.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: go up for every game coin, and then everything else will just work.
[3995.4s - 3997.7s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: But if number doesn't go up on game coin, nothing else works.
[3997.9s - 4000.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: And if our UI gets better, number won't go up.
[4000.5s - 4002.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: If the games are better, number won't go up.
[4002.6s - 4004.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: If we get more traffic, number won't go up.
[4005.1s - 4067.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Like, the only way to make number go up is to make a bunch of traders like the coin yeah well then that keeps things simple which i like and then when number goes up then then people then the developers show up and then it becomes real like the narrative starts forming and people are like wow giga coin is at giga chat game coin is at this because now all these developers are here and so this is actually a real thing but number goes up first in all these cases like anytime we've been doing it kind of backwards to prepare for these launches but i don't think that's how any of these launches are actually going to work i think they're all going to be done without games or many of them will be done without games and that games will get filled in based on the price action and and the market cap um and you just think about it like if you're just a random vibe coder like why wouldn't you spend six hours making a game if you can make $100 a day from it?
[4067.8s - 4145.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: The bar is pretty low. Question or detail. At first, my first was, okay, you get to X million market cap, you unlock this much. However, it suddenly realized to me, like, is it fair to ask one coin to grow by one million that has a 10 million market cap versus asking a coin that has a hundred million to go by one million so i'm coming to the to the opinion that it should be percentage growth based i think it should just be market cap based because from our perspective it doesn't really matter like the ultimate percentage or sorry the ultimate amount of dollars that game developers get paid that's is still just based on the market cap of the token okay right because oh and this is the other thing that we didn't get a chance to cover and i'll just make it quick which is i sent the what happened to the laudio coin so they had a really expensive four percent two percent man it's crazy four percent i think it's four percent but no the difference of two percent is like what they did they just went out and did their own thing well so here's here's what i've yeah it's it's more than what i mean is like like their fees got migrated because it was too expensive.
[4145.2s - 4186.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: So people just migrated it to other pools. And so now 85 percent of the coin is trading on other pools where they don't collect any of the fees. Therefore, no one's getting paid from that money. And so that's the real risk we run if we if we go too high on our on our trading fees is that people just start putting them into other swapping pools. And and then there's a bunch of trading happening that's not in our pool that we are not making any money from and that we can't give to game developers which is is fine because basically the way that i've i've talked to some other people who who run a lot of these pools like guys at meteor and jupiter and the way that they kind of look at it is like you can get away with higher fees on the smaller cap tokens.
[4186.2s - 4193.4s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: And then the bigger they get, the lower the fee that you can take because traders start trading in more ways and they expect lower and lower fees.
[4193.4s - 4197.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Right. If you think about it, the larger cap a token is, the lower the fees are for trading that token.
[4198.7s - 4204.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: And so they end up migrating. Like, why does Trump have like low fees in the liquidity pools?
[4204.6s - 4327.9s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Because it's really big. And so like if they tried to take one point like people would just move it and go there'd be so much money to be made by taking that uh enough liquidity and putting it in a 0.5 percent pool that someone would go do it because there's so much volume on the coin and so it's really like having high fees is something we can do when the tokens are small but then you may need to migrate the liquidity pools just to lower fees later to keep making fees at all um and then when something gets really big then it goes down to like 0.3 right so one of the reasons i think is tough to model this fee thing and we didn't think about it before is is basically like the bigger the coin gets and the more volume it does the higher the incentive for somebody other people to provide liquidity for the the token and so it's kind of like a spectrum where like you can get away with two percent fees like believe when the assets are small and then the bigger they get the more fees have to come down and the the liquidity. But it's okay because the volume is up. So like the net amount of fees you're making could still be higher, but it has some totes. So yeah. So bonding curve is 1% or 2% and that's fine. No one, no one cares. It's just the bigger, bigger the bigger the market cap the lower the fees traders want yeah and that migration can happen um somewhat manually because like you can just spin up alternative liquidity pools that when you need to but that's uh one thing for us to be aware of which is why the supply ends up being really mattering a lot and then to your point ian about like what do you do after the two years is over of the of the supply well you know your trading fees if you get to that point and the token was big you're going to be taking a smaller percentage of hopefully a larger trading volume if the point is established but not a large amount you're probably not you're probably not getting
[4327.9s - 4331.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: one percent fees on something if it's like 100 million market cap you're probably not going to
[4331.8s - 4336.2s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: get one percent fees on it someone else is going to set up their own liquidity pool yeah
[4339.2s - 4348.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_01: all right um i will try to come up with some sort of table or formula for that.
[4348.1s - 4354.3s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: Um, real, real quick for you, Justin, can I put a half of you with Kyoko?
[4354.6s - 4356.6s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: Can I put a half hour on your calendar for tomorrow?
[4356.8s - 4358.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: I could use some help with a couple of things.
[4359.0s - 4361.0s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: I'm going to organize my thoughts and.
[4361.5s - 4361.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_03: Okay.
[4363.4s - 4363.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Yeah.
[4364.0s - 4364.5s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: Thank you.
[4364.5s - 4366.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: You could also do in two hours if it's not too late for you
[4366.8s - 4372.1s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: no i gotta do it tomorrow okay cool yeah thanks all right yeah i gotta get to this other meeting
[4372.1s - 4374.8s] Speaker SPEAKER_00: thanks guys yep all right cool all right later guys

============================================================
Processing Summary:
Total segments: 132
Enhanced segments: 0
Confidence threshold: 0.7
